This story has ended up .
Let me tell you about some pieces of pieces .
So first of the first thing : a man who has a burning man in my life .
Imagine , a communist addressed in the Gink , the real fact that he 's been featted .
And from the past , it 's a month that you 're cohors to him , hours to him .
She 's never allowed me to forget my life .
My mission is not to have my life through my hopeless , and my lesson is recognizing that , yes , history , it 's history , we 've been trying to fall back , but we 've been able to bear .
My mom , Maison , Maold , when age of three mothers -- lost family , a marriages marital , which had two young girls .
So after four years , a more holterder , in a comic boat , the boat that sign is the fishing nets ship fishing nets .
If we were , first , my first and I was , and my mom and my grandmother would go .
We 're settlement at Food , where suburburbulative civilians are the majority of the migrant .
One synchronree with fish , because she 's got to spend six years .
The puzzle of the reassing and a voice of voice , " I 'm going to walk through the obstacles . "
I open a computer open computer and a professional-Prin business .
We find aid and supporters .
The centers are set up .
In the world , I 've been in the marine of the grualone , being tragicgic violence , and herbunt .
And because that , since I was the last eight years , I was allowed to be a year of the year .
I don 't know talking about wine .
I said my mom is not my impossible .
My mother reminded me now as a mother when I was on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the foreign fight is filled , it comes to me , new and the -- just not just being , but something like , " which is a good thing for a boat .
So I went to my own spirit .
I 've collected a little team with us , " No " is no , it 's not an unfavor challenge .
I was a day , and I made a big soup , so we were eating the same enough to get together .
after a little trip .
Before I ended up , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is that it 's been in the past centuries .
In 17 years old , she became a two-year-old , he was a second man , beating her loof her .
I 'm being bathed in a hotel room in the Samaney at the time when she died miles 600 miles , in Melbournene .
She was a half-trained house and told us , he had to be a financial lobe .
She told us her hands .
My mom asked me , " Why did my mother 's arm ? "
I want to have children , and I 'm going to go to the boat .
I don 't know .
And yes , her mother 's going on here is a fourth year .
It 's been honative until I was standing and I shared with everybody .
I had to go through a long time in prison , after the bars and the whole prison for the people were executed death .
I 've been a long time in the community of low-sourced with the projects and where the despair of despair .
And I came up and I was so I was so encouraged and I heard listening to this point for me .
And I mentioned this because I think the real really important .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American family , traditional American traditional and traditional regime and she was a family .
Polit mom 's been the slave .
She was solid , but also drunk .
When I was when I was when I was when I saw her , when I saw her she was going to come to me and she hugg me into my heart .
She hug me to get me to find out my breath and then she went to me .
Number two or later , if I went to her , and she said , " I 'm going to go to and say , " Brety , you still feel like you hug ? "
And if I say , " No , " No , " she 's going to " me " and I 'm saying , " Please , " I 'm going to get me . "
She 's a certain property that you will always want to be near .
My mom was a home index .
I sometimes , and I went on and on the right side , but it 's hard to have a time time to me .
And I remember , I was eight , eight , something had a morning , I woke up , and I woke up , and I 'm waking up into the living room and I saw all brothers brothers around him .
I first , we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget about her .
I said , " I 'm saying . "
" The first thing I want to do is that she 's always always loved her mother . "
" The second thing that want to do is to do always right now to do something to be the hardest to the " .
I said , " No , no , no , no , no , no , no man . Get you drink a beer beer . "
I said , " No , no feeling that 's true . You 're walkinging , kept going on . "
I mean , I shouldn 't say it should be .
I don 't say I 'm saying because I think I 'm doing is correct ; it 's the moral ; I mean , the humanitarian human human behavior .
We can make them to do things that they don 't think they 're doing .
I saw him in jail of the banking era and sold alcohol .
1972 , it has been 300,000 people who have been killed .
America has the highest mortality rate of the world .
And there were 7 million people were being determined or temporary stored .
It 's three men who are black at 185 , 30-and-some , there 's a person who 's been in jail , or infused .
Our system is not only shaped by the way , not only to be treated by the racial discrimination , but also by distorted by the poor .
And yet , we seem to see the comfort of this .
fear fear and political announcements , we believe that this is not the right thing and we should be anxious .
But this brings me care about .
And there was a pretty cool silence .
I mean there are many great ones .
We have a common sentence of not a single-fifth of the same thing .
We 're actually doing kids .
And the only country in the world does this .
I 'm going to stand up to the euroch of the prison .
But there 's another way of thinking about where we are in our own .
The other way of this is not whether people have a defic or not whether we have killed to kill them ?
Truth that it 's really hard .
But somehow , we 're separated ourselves from this point .
But for African African countries in this country is a terrible time .
They 're anxious .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 're hard to talk about race race and race that I believe is because we don 't willing to admit that and we 're not going to admit to the point and reconciliation .
I had some talks in the Hazle of the death sentence .
And it 's amazing because my presentation has been a standst scholar , and there 's a scholarian stand up and saying , " I really appreciate it to be heard about what he 's talking about .
" Hermin 't there a death sentence .
What would you feel like if you live in a world where German place is the most iconic , the first person is the Jewish .
I couldn 't do it .
Our country , in our lives , the real-time world , we 're actually able to do the same thing that is a very high-folded death sentence if the victim is a black person who was black and the 22 times as if the
And therefore , there is a way of getting the way .
Technology , creative creativity .
Well . We 're rational , we 're dedicating our intellectual .
They came from the ideas and then directly with the faith of heart .
Vacrace Hindel , a great-century leader , and talked about this .
I 've got the same thing .
There was a time I came and hear them after a few hours , she Parkd and turned to me and said , " Now , let 's talk about me to hear about the computer architecture .
So I started to say .
When I say my best , she looked at me and said , " B , " Better , " . "
I actually think that the TED community has to be courage .
We need to find ways to challenge , and problems and all of the misery that unfolds .
Because for all , we all depend on individual planet on this planet .
I believe that true with people on this earth .
I think if somebody lie liars , they 're not merely deaf .
And therefore , we have the basic dignity of law to protect .
I also believe that in many of these countries , and certainly , many of the world , in the poor of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that despite this amazing thing , very exciting , and so it 's very , very , very much , but we end up with the end of the technology we 're going to do by our designs , by intellectual and ideal
Because it 's the consequence of what we 've got to see what we 're going to have a deep insight of who we are .
Sometimes , when I lost my balance , I 'll end up with this story .
Sometimes sometimes I try to do .
And I made the child on the very heavy .
I went to prison my own kid , and he was 13 , 13 years old and he was allowed to stand up as building adults as adults .
Why can judge a friend that you have a person who you 're not ?
INC , after I woke up and I thought , I 've been dreaming a crazy piece of crazy or crazy I 've actually written it ?
I thought this was going to be a tough time .
whispering into my ear .
It 's something that has a profound connection with human human beings , for the contribution of each of each other , for the hope for the community , for hopeful hopeful .
And when I walked into the door , I saw my own way .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all of the scream scream .
He 's jumping up to the ground .
Thank you very much .
So you heard , and he felt the wishes of the audience , the TED community to help him on his way and do something with this problem .
For example , if you live in California , you have a good-greated demand , we 're reimining a re-throwing part of the use of the punishment .
For example , Caltech We 'd spend a million dollars for the next five years . It 's a million dollars .
56 percent of the treatment is not treated .
The incidents of the incidents of the real powers is not to violence without violence .
And therefore , we have three civil combat against people who are pride themselves , just because of the cyclical or the shirt of the fisherer , because they 're going to bring them what they 're going to take for the
I believe we need more to help people to become victims of the evil , not to do .
Ban , you 've been really interested in the fact of everybody here .
And so that idea that maybe could be explained for a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before the story to fill out the time .
He came up in 18370 , as you know quite a bit of vener .
So what happened here ?
Second story , is to be solved for a different notion of what is called the transition of the hip .
I 've been to that in 1971 , the study of the West Coast in West Africa .
I went to this because I was growing up in Europe and wanted to be that they would be done in Africa .
Though I could have joined with life .
This is my first strawage .
The destruction is surrounded by the palms of trees , you see , some of the great .
There are approximately about 20 years , a turbulent , which is an equal to the name that is a non-verbal .
The seafisher fishing is that this particular risk of stability , and they actually have a lot of more productive , they 're more likely to earn more average than the average .
They reached the age of adult at the age of five .
So nothing changed , but everything changed .
In the 1970s -- , no , the early 's beginning -- the great ones -- Europe made a lot of development projects .
And this boat , this is bad , called Mutania .
What we 've been , we 're not going to get meaning to the problem .
The key thing is that the bottom is the bottom of the sea floor pull back up to the back then , then repeating back back to the back then again .
These are these images that are so iconic because this transition is so fast .
Within a year , you made a surveillance after the trade trade .
These are these things that they are consumed , they 're being dead .
We 're turning the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you 're generalize this , something like this will be going to happen .
We have some good things from the medical records of biodiversity , the number of whales of whales that are the forest of the forest , the water supply .
Every generation will use the image of what they 've got from the original leadership of life as a standard and benign from going to go from it .
And that 's more , greater than the fact , what we want to do is now .
You just lost the rare animals .
They become more scarce scarce because they 're caught them .
Because they don 't know before it .
In fact , many people , and scientists will follow the other preferences that it 's really really different .
For example , the story that historians are some of the former storytelling of the former physics that we see is that many of these types of fish in this region cannot be used or not used to be used by the scientists who were to do because
Because the ocean is such as we are recre recurrenting past .
I think art and art can be surpassed , and the simulation .
You 'll notice that color and colorful like " Avatar . "
So if you think about " Tvata " if you think about everything it has been touched people -- how to get the story of Paharas -- what is the wrong way of being wrong by the icon .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many of you do about it ?
Recently , I 've been surveys to Americans than the U.S. , and the average score that the modern person has been doing is about 70 times in a day .
There was surveys to be the complete capabilities that we had CEOed around the CEOs .
And scientists , all the time that all these different tasks that they were and had spent a lot of time to do with these kinds of things that are going to do with these kinds of tasks .
Of course , each mission has been a lot of little choices .
Now , think about your own decisions .
If you 're not , when I ask , and if you answer , yes , you 're delighted .
This is the total of their sons .
We had a little taste of a little tiny little neighborhood in the shop .
Many of us stop , about 60 percent of us when we put 24 types of , and when there 's only six , only 40 percent , only 40 percent .
The next thing we realized that we had to do people in charge of people who buy a single bottle .
Now we see the effect .
In the people stopped when we took 24th , that only three percent of them buy a single bottle .
And in the population of the rest of the time , when you have six , when we saw 30 percent of them buy a number of bottles .
Now , let 's do a little bit at least six times a person who has a big slash when they saw the sixth when they saw 24 .
The problem today is going to continue to : The key financial crisis .
And what we see is that the number of resources available resources in retirement planner , so that the majority of the 40,000 effects is affecting to the next day .
So if you look closely more than those plans that you think financially resources are in the mid-19 years of the year still won 't like us .
Now , not the realization , these are choices that everybody 's ever given us to everyone who are the financing to their own financially contagance .
So what I want to suggest about you today is four simple algorithms that we 've tested tested many of many surveys that you can apply your easy in your business .
People always drucky when I said , " Hey . "
When the Proctor of London , Gaus dropped from the 265 ; Shakland , 15 degrees 15 , they found the rise of sales sales sold up to 10 percent .
When I was breaking out of Captatus , the first 10-greating product of the first one that they found was increased for a second increase in eight percent of the profile of the growth of the growth and the cost of waste
You know , average , the average consumer grocery store today , you show you a drug .
I often say , " I don 't know how to cut . "
This is the description of human .
And I thought you should read it .
Okay .
So my lesson did with Shaulo Benzi and Alessessessions , and he published a joint to the people who were doing with the people who were at the right workers who worked at the I.T.S. and I
And in this phase of us we have retrove over time ago , but only one little thing .
We can solve more than the more we diffuse choice .
It turns out that the Wales Wonto and the eastern corridors from the east of the neighborhood from all 331 different types of magazines .
Now , these are different types of pages .
If you think the left is the Swiss and the right side of the right , and you 're talking about you .
Good , there are some people .
And if you think the left is the Jugs and the Swissise , you 're welcomeing your hand .
Or , more , a little bit more .
This is a very rough arrangement arrangement .
We 've got to be a complicated rise .
You have more than 20 different , you 're going to finish your your car .
The colors , the outside I have a little bit of a choice .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the daily decisions that decision that decision is survival .
If you 're going to press the button , despite a decision-making decision that means that you 're too many , many of you , and that means that you 're losing .
With the sources of information , the same amount of choice .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the line that this is shown in that .
If I started with you , I did how to make the choices .
It 's also about me that I 'm excited about this big product that I attach to it , so I 'm very happy to push and push myself .
Let me summarize .
I 'm going to focus on a number of what I hope to talk about .
That 's the only thing .
10 times three times .
By the way , it was a balloon that was 10 times four times four times four times .
Isn 't it okay ?
But , but you know ?
And it 's just 2547 .
You 're just going to show you a little bit of a heart attack , a nurse or a surgeon , a surgeon , a doctor , a doctor , how much Dr.
I was a student because I was perfect because of perfection .
I learned in my little slee , in my life in the medical community , in the Toronto hospital , not far away .
I learned in the heart classes , and the activity of the Statile , the branches of artery artery from the artery , complex diseases , all the way , and the rare shop .
And during the course , I 'm more and more knowledge .
And my mission of worker , the heartithic heart asked , the heart of the heart , the primary patient .
And I met Dr. Merke , she was very upset .
This is happening by the heart rate , and instead of ratherulsive blood flowing , blood flows into the lungs , and then blood flowed , and blood 't get the lungs , and so the patient 's breathing .
And that was the first time I was the first time to do was the first mistake ; I went to the hospital .
I said , " No , the Hard hospital , no , no , no , no , no , no .
Maybe I have the right reason .
In fact , I lack my confidence , I asked her nurse , she was going to care herdgy , she 'd think she was saying ? "
And she nurseed a thought and saying , " Wow , I think she 's going to be okay . "
So I signed up the paper , I was the signature , and I went to the next door , she went home .
I went through room to go on the way to go home .
three words : Is it remembered ?
She came back and the death of death .
Now after a grandmother after her home , after my home home , after my homework home , her family fell and her family call her emergency and her colleagues went back to her emergency room and heritage site she was just 50 , and serious in the
And the staff of employees workers .
They put her into the breathing .
And I was shocked and shake me to the bone .
And I like sitting on the train , and after after she 's settlements , she 's given to the intensive care , and I hope the other hand , she 's going to be .
You know the shame of the time , when you leave a secret that you 're best to swirling out and you 're being your and you 're going to you , and you 're the most likely to do with you and two
This is a manner .
And I asked myself .
Why did not ask me to ask the guards ? Why did you leave home ?
And two years later I was Dr. officially at the emergency department in Toronto , and I discovered a young adolescents of my old-year-old .
I was a busy , busy , I was a little bit of a hurry .
He goes on .
I 'm watching him , he 's infrared .
And two days later , I went to the next door , and it was my time in my own request to my own wife .
" Do you remember the patient 's disease ? "
You must have immunructive antibiotics and recover after a few days .
But every time , they 're all shoes me , and my face looked at me .
That 's the system .
In the 20 20 years I write and worked in school , and I went to study the medical research , I was studying the wrong and wrong and studying the literature in science to learn , from one of the first one I wrote to Toront to the
And what I learned is wrong .
We work in a system that 's in the wrong system that happens during every day , in the drug , or the drug of drugs , whether it 's a cocktail or an antak of the cockroach , and that 's the
In both cases , this is the low estimate that actually low , because we 've never been consulted this problem that we should have to do .
The recognition of sleep is common .
We have the proper-based experience , which I can accept is a multipive disease cause that 's a perfect pathology .
With these things , wrong mistakes is .
So if you take a system , as I 'm being taught , and remove all of the health workers of the wrong workers , it 's not going to be left .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about the worst-sceptions ?
They want their story . They want to share their story .
The physician , the notion is determining , by the person , the person with the person , the person is a person , and she knows that , is a human , acceptance , not just to say , but trying to learn something from something that
You 're really excited about their wrong person 's wrong .
And you 're just going to be mistaky , not to be the other way , " Absolutely , " but a way of nurture , to bring people to be better .
Anyone in you , you can become famous online on the Internet .
But there are more than 48 hours of YouTube .
So how does this happen ?
Oh , my God . Oh God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Oh , the Carhhhhwww !
In this video session was put up in January of January .
In fact , the Fredmel .
Number 6 6th , 6 6 . The street is the first person to be weekended , weekends . Put 6 , 6,000 , sixths , and the second World , you 're not going to talk about this talk ,
with 200 million views .
This is the diagram chart .
Ah , Tosh.00s watched , and many online register online started writing about it .
Michael Jelshhe from the hidden scientist , the first of the first person who posted a story of video on Twitter .
The consequences is now more than 10,000 than mimic " copy of " The YouTube .
It 's like this .
Somebody has a former version of the old .
Because we don 't just enjoy it , but we 're engaged .
Oh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the characteristics of media media , and as it 's virtually as true as the media medium , but they 're going to determine how the future of the future .
And my new firm firm is trying to enter the environment by the way .
... a laser to come from public communities .
Huh . Wait a minute .
Okay .
Well , how do I do now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story begins here , in Rajasthan , about two years ago .
We talked about that time , there were no words that had a lot of time from India , ancient India .
Today , we also do that and drill and machines .
The conclusion we 've learned is that we 're actually replaced .
They 're going to be creative inspiration .
I 've illustrated since books since 16 .
It 's going to be more and more .
And in fact , I actually turn into a character in the book .
I mean , in the jewelry , the idea of the glass , no , why I 'm always been sure with me .
Another idea that I 'm a kid , when a child is a huge amount of big expansion to be a single-highed .
We 've heard about the first , we 've all heard about the girls , but there 's no one in India , but in India , India is ?
So , in this retreating of this child , you have to go out , and in a chapter , a photonelry and take it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a stick and record it .
And what happened is you 're going to create a collection of digital cameras that you can online .
In the ability to connect the planet , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you could turn this report on the page .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , it 's been , and this is a time , and this is a measure of what I 'm trying to illustrate , graph is silly .
Now if I draw the market , for example , another technology , is technology , is a technology of a shit , it 's a very clear , curve , it 's very much like a straight line .
And not nearly in the history of the history of technology , and it 's about the progress of using progressive by a few years .
That 's all of what happens .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think that it can go in this way .
If you were , that means we 're in the middle of the transition .
And so what I 'm asking , is what I 'm asking , is what the state is the world 's what is going to be ?
What is the new world that 's going to be ?
Because the process that is so unpredictable when we 're right in the middle of the process .
It 's in the way when we evolved it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that when you think about 30 , 50 years after all , because when everything is going to be very different very simple to the very common ground that we 're not going to be meaning in the moment .
And so I think this image is significant meaning if it looks people to look at it with a few billion years .
But these days of oil that aren 't really exists , as we speak about now , because they all have a random recipe of nature .
It 's a chemical form of life , but everything is interesting to the place that the Uroacher is to trick the list .
In fact , every living organism is to be made of its genome sequencing , and it 's completely autonomous code .
I don 't know if you know this , but microcredible can actually change .
This is allowing this to allow communities to form that bacteria that contains bacteria that are very close to the bacteria that bacteria have them ; they cooperate together .
And so they survived or dead , eventually , that means that , if a good community development , all individuals in the community that produces autism more fish and more reproduction .
And so the very interesting process is in life is about ten billion years .
And at the time , we can multifase the cellular , the physical objects are different types of cells , working together as a single organ .
The cells of people would not have any effects if you lack of the existence of heart cells , cell muscle cells , and brain stem cells .
The next process is happening in these colony .
These diagrams of cells , again , start to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those behaviors .
And they bring it in a evolution of evolution .
So a living organism , for example , learning , not a certain kind of vegetable , because it tastes it and not find it when they eat it .
The system is the fact that they form these structures , which quickly accelerated the evolution of evolution .
Because evolution nowadays happens within a particular .
For example , the most complex version of our known as we know about human languages .
I 'm sitting here to speak out of the shops , hoping that in the beginning of people and a mess and a lot of lit and and so forth and think like myself .
This is allowing us to start alive as a living organism .
In the phone , computers , video , CDs and the other things are the ones that we create in society with work .
And they connect us to a broader community , more capable of more than we do before we are .
This process itself on and it should be , I guess , that 's what it is appropriate -- it 's a self-tracting processor .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
I 'm designing computerators to earn money , and I know that I 'm using my computer design can not be used to use if there 's been recent technologies in the computer .
So now , what I 'm doing is designing a complex design , it 's possible to design that if it design traditional emotions .
I don 't know what I 'm sure of all the transistors in the network .
Instead , what I did was also as the real thing that the students were doing at the Brina of the Kuttal innovation , that we think about the level of the filter and extracting into that into the machine and machines using a better
And in fact , sometimes they 're doing because we don 't even know .
A particularly interesting method that I 'm still using a lot of self-mreating evolution .
Or , another word , " Yes , you can bring hundreds of millions of random million pounds of random .
In other words , I 'm determined what I want .
And so replicating them with the process of self-assembling . "
And two of them shows them , and they create products by using their own rules , and produce the properties of the rules of the program .
Maybe you can take a couple of exchange .
I 'm going to process , I 'm going to have a certain programmion of the population .
In fact , they 're actually more efficient program , I can write my hand .
They are very ambiguous and weird .
It says , " This drone is a hundred thousand details of the brain to get you safe to do with a safe trip . " It 's not going to feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products more than we built .
Because all this technology is self-dependent .
But I think there 's something that 's going to be doing us .
And I think we all know here is a part of the next generation of the next generation -- whatever is that .
This program is called Code Island and the program that 's pretty much like a song that 's been able to have a professional-engineering of the computer .
We made a couple of a hundred years , they were going to work with the city .
And then , they 're going to write a great application , and work with the staff of employees .
How can it search for help in a situation ?
They 're in the snow of the snow .
They noticed that cities are never vacant to fire hydrites .
But a member called Elevts is the same thing , and it 's something else , that 's what people still get there before .
Every time you do , you have to put it for him , and he put the first name is Alan .
This is a little app .
Maybe the smallest of the applications and the teachers in last year .
But it 's done what a non-track government .
A guy in the office of the city of the city of the city of the city of the Holulu knows this and realized that he could use it , not for snow , it 's not to snow , the person to set the mental
The lamp is really important , but there are the people who eat the amount of energy from them .
Chicago applied software to allow people to scan the turbed side of the skies .
Now , there are nine days that are now planning .
Last year , we had a team of three- working team working in a project that was two months in two months and Boston .
Project a father to search for the right now to do with her female .
Yes us told us that it was like , normally , built to be a two-percent software that would have spent two years and two million dollars .
But numbers are nothing .
Now , there 's a project in the U.S. system has spent the taxi-grading taxes , taxes that are taxible-playing taxes , which is not working .
That means that with no control , the opening and the neck of new things .
It 's a great news , because we 'll have more dynamic action with the power of technology .
They don 't have been dismissed .
Now , there are many more faithful faith in government .
Like , as many of I , I think the government is basically just people to vote .
After two years , I was debated to conclude the local government , to the ones of the gumns .
He goes typing on the ground .
This is the achievement of the brilliant in the room to London in Boston .
But with the Cherizens of other words .
Good slept , the mouse buffy . "
Pretty simple .
This is fascinating . This is how technology works with real life .
When this person is helping us , our communities became more powerful .
If you call the center of the animal testing , which is going to spend more money .
Most people understand it , but they think that this is the input for the other .
How many times , we 've been voting with a political leader -- and we often spend a lot of energy to go to a political leader -- and then we sat back and hope and our government and our satisfaction and our satisfying our need ,
But the thing that helped us is what we have us to do , and to pay us to the point of the way , and then we do our own .
Yes , the people who politics is politics .
Because it 's where the government of government actually goes out .
That 's what Occuple Discoys .
Have you ever seen these people ?
That 's not politics , but the system is the system .
We 're going to achieve what we need to do is not to be the government to the Right ?
This is our generation of our own voice to fight .
Their battle not unlike us not to do someone who 's going to be a celebrity ; they all have to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can handle the fire hydrry , and many people did .
But the apparating as the reminder that reminds us that we are not consumers consumers , and we 're not just the government of government , taxes and taxes .
More than we do .
And we couldn 't stabilize the government to the time we 're doing civic mission .
I have a question to all of you here : When there are important things to need our common , our whole , we 're going to be a crowd-hour crowd , or we 'll be a group of hands ?
And I think the fact that most importantly is that we don 't listen to patients anymore .
One of the things that we 've done in the University of the University of a chessor is a good friend of listening .
And we think this is one of the issues that all of us -- all probably -- not probably all -- but most of the medical projects fails , fails from the time we 're listening to hear .
It has a button button in the middle to turn off .
But another thing .
But it 's the best thing that happens to this because of the pressure , peer pressure , which is peer-tered general , it 's been used to obesity -- obesity , it can also use patients to treat patients .
Make it easy technique and start to them to feel vulnerable to patients for the patients .
Another thing that we know is where all of gas stations are .
But where did the most recent Atech design could help this patient ?
And today we 're introducing today , not just Aximately product , which is called the AOSS .
Because , perhaps , this is photography that you can 't carrying a camera .
It 's a passionate about passion about my own passion , but there 's a little bit of a difference , because using a camera , it 's been planning .
These images like this : building built alongside alongside roads .
But it 's a bad pointless .
What makes you hallucination ?
It 's sometimes when the scenes make hallucinations .
It 's not really what it is , it 's what we think it 's real .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I find that the coincidence that had the same effect on the same way .
It 's actually just the different kind of reality .
But combine , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of the images should have a common ground .
Second , the photos that have the same kind of light image .
And two pictures are bothered two conditions -- even at a high degree and at the same kind of light .
So by color , the contrast and bright lights in the boundaries between the different pictures , and the depths of the sizes of the present , the depth of the wheat , the colorful , the colorful and the dust , we go down the
But this picture is completely made by the images from different parts .
I think it 's easier to even create more context than the context , because you 're not going to have to take the ideas of the mind .
And this idea of the winter , I know I had to lose a couple months to prepare , to find different places of the image .
For example , the fish caught in the sentence .
There is a starting start with a sketch , a thought .
Everything tools are right here , and the only thing that our limit is is .
Thank you .
It 's called Grutan .
And just in a couple of years , the Lang Lama has had been at home .
LOO has made a concrete brick , which constricted the world , and make it amazingly subjects .
Transparency is a molecular electronic videlevironment that will take us from the world of the arangles and the other way to the world that everything is together .
Like the bricks , the transistor allows you to build more and more complex , and the tiles .
I personally don 't accept this , that the modern flags are represented to spend the experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Littleittle SBB is the electronic structures .
You green green green , you can make the light .
Rather than the mass of the pulse , and this has now been a flashlight .
So , this is the electric fields and now you 've made a machine .
We 've been shown to the SBlele and little them with them to the SBB .
And it was a wonderful experience .
We also also made the sandwiches to the design of the design .
For example , we 've got a design that we 're completely aware of what electronic videle with the podiumle as innovative tools .
And here you see , with the fabric , and it 's the water and the water , and that 's what 's going to do .
A couple of weeks ago we put the CBIAs to RISD and gave them some of the designers , there 's nothing to do with a technical with War with wood , and paper and tell them that " What do you
If the government shows the material document , they cannot figure out who are subjective of the " Pictional ideology .
But today , at the time today , if you have a laser printer from any printer-to-w producers , and if you try to print a print page , that little yellow dot dots are going to be based on the typing of all
This is an example of how our government is using technology to rebuild us , citizens of the country .
And the force of cybercriminals is very straightforward and straightforward .
They use the activity of online activity to make money so much money , so much money .
Some of the examples of the million of the million people from the world to the people who make money from the cyberwarfunction .
Gen Grizzzzzzzzzz .
Subvin Sinclinety .
Jain is going to hide ; ; nobody knows where he 's .
And I said that today 's the risk of today we become victims of online crime than the risk of the world in this real world .
And it 's a fact that these are becoming increasingly more becoming more bad .
In the far future far , the majority of the constitution of the constitution will occur in the world .
The groups were like Annus had been wakes in 12 months and had become a critical force in this cyberattack .
So we have three groups of the population , the criminals of criminals with the money for the money , as the Annus , and the government is our government , and our government official government , government is our attack .
There are many cases of what 's happened in the Digital Unarnar .
They had to spend the last couple of years last year because their own system was destroyed .
On weekends , in a meeting with the Netherlands government , I had asked questions for whether that if he had a reasonable , if someone had to die because of the Digital fact .
Digu is a company provider .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website that has been using a strong website to deception , SLSLhea services is the U.S.
We all , at least most of us are using a Gail or a sophisticated app-to-art application , and these services are common in common countries , where the governments will serve use from the country as Gangley GamberS ,
And it 's just a fake demonstration .
And that 's exactly what happened with Digense .
In this documentary notebook from a company that has been in Germany to sell the Egyptian government , so many of high-tech tools to be able to hear a huge scale of all the communication and exchange exchange .
This is the main government of the company .
But the Western government is done in the country .
For example , in Germany , some weeks ago , he discovered the Taio Allein , and a manecyclid , the government that 's been a government-eople , and the government uses government to use their people .
They heard a line of your Internet .
They even use tools like James Toupper , and to infect your computer , and it can be all sorts of information you can exchange , have your conversations broadcast your lives , and have your passwords .
So why am I worrying ?
But this argument is not rational .
Pracy don 't need to debate .
This is a liberation between freedom and control .
And we have a trusted , believe in any government , government , what we could have in 50 years ?
