This story has not been done yet .
Let me tell you about a few pieces of pieces .
Imagine a first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine a result of him , a social community of Gon , the fact that the life was cost .
Language , over the year , you 're running with him , now come to make a fungus .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his life .
My mission is not to get that life in hopeless , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has been trying to fall out of us , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Maai , 18 years old , when my parents lost -- a married marriage , there were two girls .
So after four years , a result of a whole story , a boat that was born to camouflage was fishing .
If we were arrested , first of all my children and my mother , she would take .
We 're going to be in Fighter-bound , sub-built areas of the people who are migrant-bowned .
A long-term support of fish eyes , because it 's got to wear six years .
The center of the mind and a quiet voice , " I 'm going to go through all the obstacles . "
You open your computer store and you learn a aesthetic and open a different business opportunity .
We 're looking for aid and funded leaders .
The center is established .
In the other world , I 'm in the dugalable , trailed damage , disgusting , addictions and stressed .
And because of that work , when I was the last year , I was elected in Australia 's year .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother reminded me that I was also five years old when we were on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the excerpt guy was , the new person came , the present -- and not just one thing we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went in my own sense .
I collected a little team with us called " No , " is a fascinating challenge .
I did a huge soup of soup so that we were eating .
And then there was a journey .
Before I ended , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life was like that in centuries .
In 17 years old , she became a two-year-old , he was beat her .
I 'm in a hotel in Sdney 's hotel in her moment , 600 miles , in Melbourne .
At the end of a professor came and told us he had to be a financial .
My mother told us my hand .
My mother asked my dad , " Why is my mother warmth that the other person interrupted ? "
Now I want to have a child , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother today is here at the fourth or five .
It 's really a honor for me to be here and share with people .
I had to experience long-term time in prison , after irony and even in prison for the prisoner of the suicide .
I also had gone through a long time of people who had low income to projects and where they were despair .
And I came here and I was encouraged and I listen to this itself , and I 'd like to give me a lot of resources .
And I mentioned this because I think the very important thing .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a pilot-American family and a system-American and she was a family .
Three mothers are actually slaves .
She 's solid , but also ranged .
When I was a little kid , every time I looked at her , she would go to her and hug me in my life .
My hug was so close to my body was hard to breathe and then she left me .
One or two hours later , if I met her , she 'd come and say , " Bryanyan , are you feeling like hug her ? "
And if I said , " No , you 'll come back to me , " I 'll say , " I 'll give me a " .
She 's a characteristic way you 're going to be in close .
My mother was the youngest son in the house .
Sometimes , I 'm coming and on her side , but she 's really hard to get her care about me .
And I remember , at the time , I was about eight , nine years old , there was a morning , I woke up , and I saw all my sisters running around the room .
When we first thought we were playing a game .
And I 'll never forget it .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " Sach . "
" The first thing she wanted her to promise is that she was always love to love her mother . "
" The second thing that she wanted her to do is always doing the right thing , though , it was difficult to come up with . "
I said , " No , no , no , no , no , two of you go . You 're not going to take a beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people go , go on , go on . "
I shouldn 't say it .
I 'm not saying , because I think I do that , is moral ; I want to talk about how human power is .
We can make them work in what they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for a banana and sold wine .
1972 , there were 300,000 people who were prison .
America now has the highest prisoner of prison on the world .
And there are seven million people being managers or execution .
Three men in 18 to 30 to 30 , there 's a prisoner in prison , being stressed or execution .
Our law system is not just shaped by ways , not just the generalization of race , but also the racism of poverty .
And although we seem to be comfortable with this .
Safe and political and political anger that we believe that this isn 't and the problem we have to worry about .
But this is what makes me care .
And there 's a silent silence .
Many of my customers still have a little bit of a little bit .
We have a shared prisoner that 's not a special way of kids .
We 're actually doing kids , we 're doing children .
And it 's the only water in the world doing this .
I 'm going to be representative for prisoners .
But there 's still another way of thinking about where we are in our humanity .
The other way of thinking about this is not a deadly , is that we have to kill them ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But somehow , we 're separated from this problem .
But for the African-American in this country , it 's a terrible time .
They 're afraid of bombing .
We don 't stop conflicting .
We 've been hard to talk about race , because we 're not willing to admit the legs and reconcile .
I had some talks in Germany about the form of the form of the form of the form .
It was astonishing to my talk , there was a science who stood up and said , " Well , I 'm very difficult to listen to what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no form of a form of atoms .
You 'll feel like if you live in a world where Germany did a model , especially when it was the Jewish Jew .
I can 't be blind .
In our country , at the Southern Southerni , we still have a project that you have a 11- times more likely to be 11 times more than the victim of the victim , and 22 times if you 're being black and
And so , there is a way of preventing .
I love technology , love creativity .
Well . We have a sense , we don 't contribute to intelligence .
They came out of ideas and then were told by their own faith .
Vacavlav Havel , a great leader of the checklist , talked about this .
And it 's just about it .
I 've come to my time and heard them after a few hours , she Parked to and said , " Well , Bryan , let me tell you about the public conference .
So I started talking about yelling .
When I said my attention , she looked at me and said , " Well , yeah , yeah . "
I really think that TED community needs to be courageous .
We need to find ways to confront the challenge , and both the problems that the suffering that the injuries .
Because in the same , we all depend on this planet .
I believe that it 's true for people on Earth .
I think that if someone says , they 're not just a lie .
And so , we have basically the basic price of the law that is defending .
I also believe that in many places on this country , and of course , are many places around the world , the contrary of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that even though this is very , very cool , very excited and very , but we 're not going to be considered by technology we 're doing by our design , by the intelligence and ideal .
Because that 's the result of what we start to have a profound view of us .
Poil sometimes , when I lost my balance , I 'm going to end that situation with this story .
Sometimes I try to be too powerful .
And I did represent the children who were heavy .
I went to prison my own prison , and that was 13 , 14 and he was allowed to be in front of a big person .
Why can a building make you a person you 're not ?
The next morning , I woke up and thought , I dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be hard to be here .
I whispered in my ear .
It has a very profound relationship with the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the thinking of the hope .
And when I walked into , the judges saw me .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can hear all the hours of screaming .
He jumped up to the guke 's gateke .
Thank you very much .
So you 've heard and you 've seen your audience 's desire , the TED community to help you on your way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , then this spring would have a national global global global global community , we 're trying to reuse a money to use .
For example , Cali We 're going to spend a million dollars on five years on the next five years . Well , a million dollars .
56 percent of rape rape was not processed .
The rate of prison is caught in America is not really guilty .
And so we have three fights that people are shared themselves just because they 're stealing a bicycle or stealing the price of sling their own instead of getting them back to the subject of that assets .
I believe we need to do more work to help people who are being turned out to be victims of crime , not to do less .
Bryan , you really have the psychology of people here .
And because that idea could be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill it in the rest of time .
He came here in 1835 as you know quite well .
So what happens here ?
The second story , is still to pay a different concept of what is called the hip-shifting .
I went there in 1971 , researching in West Africa .
I went there because I was growing up in Europe and wanted to be able to do that later would work in Africa .
Even though I could have been able to fit with life .
This is my first sunbrape .
It 's a breakdown around because the palm palm , you can see , some mangroves .
There are no four-year-old individual species of a pilot , which is a pilot with the name of the named Cub-like wilder .
The dub-like wild-in-lived dates are actually going to be able to make some of the fish and they really have quite a lot of benefits of getting better than the average income of Ghana .
They reach the age of five-centimeter size .
So there 's nothing changed , but everything has changed .
In the 70s -- no , no , started from the ' 60s -- Europe actually a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , pretty bad , is called Mutia 4 .
What we 're starting , we don 't find from the meaning of it .
The thing that is that the bottom of the sea bottom was pulled up the boat then was thrown back back .
These pictures are really enabled because this transformation is happening too quickly .
In a year , you do a survey that then the commercial fishing .
These species are not consumed , they 're thrown out because they 're dead .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the yard here here that biodiversity , the number of killer whales of your forest , the water supply .
Every generation will use images that they have from the beginning of their lives as a criteria and will be going to happen from that .
And that , with a bigger level , what we want to do now .
You just lose the rare animals .
They become less scarcely , because we 're beat them .
Because they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many of you , and scientists will talk about that before it 's really different .
For example , the wild story that some people told the Creatic Thailand see a lot of fish in this region cannot eat or not even used by experts to eat fish and fishing scientists , because it didn 't make science .
Because with the ocean region that we really are re-made now .
I think that art and film can be compressed , and simulated .
You 'll probably notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it has happened -- don 't notice the story of Pahasklonto -- why it 's been touched by the symbol .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices do you do for a day ?
I 've been doing recently , I 've been doing more than 2,000 Americans , and the average number of choices that the typical people have done is about 70 times in a day .
There was been surveyed with CEOs that we had been in a week .
And scientists have led all these different kinds of task that these CEOs are participating and they spend a lot of time doing decisions to do these decisions .
Of course , every mission is including many small choices .
Now , think about your own choices .
If no , when I ask , and if you answer , you 're happy with hand .
This is their siblings .
We 've opened a little tastes right into the store .
Many of us have stopped , about 60 percent when we put 24-mached , and when we just had six , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in the case of people like buying a bottle of jam .
Now we see the opposite effect .
In the few people stopped when we gave 24 , only three percent of them bought a bottle of square .
And then , there are only six ovaries , sometimes we see 30 percent of them buying a bottle of square .
Now , try to make a little math of a six times less than they wanted to buy a bottle of square when they saw six , when they saw 24 .
The subject is going to continue : financial saving .
And what we see is that the number of resources are available in retirement-pired planning , 401 401 plan to impact the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at better , the plans that the funding for you two billion financial resources are not in the mid- ' 70s , we 're not as long as we 're going to be .
Now not that silk is the choices that anyone in us also tell people when you look at financial competitions for them .
So what I want to suggest is that four simple techniques that we 've been checking in many ways in the survey you can apply easily in your business .
People always be wrong when I said , " It 's cut down . "
When the Docke and Gamble down from 26 Hex and Shoulders down 15 percent , they see the payload of the sales .
When Golden Golden Cat 's largest product for the catalogs for the cat , they found the increase in the rise of eight7 percent of the payment of the payment and cut down the cost .
You know , the average stores of chemicals today take 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut down . "
This is the human being .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So the lesson I did with Shlom Benartzi and Alessandro Prego Previtator , we did one of the people in INGNTGs who worked at ING and now these people in
And over this stage we kept this stage before , but just a little bit more .
We can solve more of the kind of distances , we solve choices .
It shows that Wegmanks on the top of the store and under the north of the magazine in all of them from 331 different kinds of magazine , come to 664 .
Now , two different types of girls .
If you think the left is Swing and the shape on the right is Jazz , then you 'll get your hand .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazz and on the right is Swing , please invite you to clap .
Okay , more than a little bit .
This is a very useful arrangement .
We have to be growing a complex level .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to make your own place .
The car , on the outside I had 56 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the restaurant that those decisions exist .
If you click the knot " for each decide whether you 're too much choices , that it means you lose me .
With the same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I 've done is I 've changed the restaurant where that information is present .
If I started with you , I learned how to choose .
It also gave me this big product that I 'm engaged with it , so I 'm excited about it and busy .
Let me share the general .
I 'm going to focus on a number that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the ball hit .
Just 10 times , three times .
By the way , that 's a global beat up 10 times as a four times as safe as well .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , are you aware ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the ball of " dugment for a cardiovascular surgeon , a dozen doctors or a doctor , a doctor , a doctor ?
I 'm a biologist who was obsessed with perfectness .
I learned in my little shitard in the nurses of the National Geographic group of K Toronto , not this far .
I learned in the surgery of the surgery started and the activity of every single package , the branches of the artery that ever separated from the circuitry , all the complex disease , all the time and the media .
And over the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my mission when the staff of cardiovascular learning , is to explore the patient 's emergency .
And I met Dr. Dr. Dr.ucker , she was very difficult .
This state happens when your heart doesn 't work , and instead of blending blood your blood , a little blood goes back into the lung , and then blood 's full of lung disease , and so the patient 's hard .
And that was when I was wrong ; I gave her the hospital .
I gave her the library without talking before the doctor 's doctors .
Maybe I had the right reason .
In fact , I 'm missing confidence that I ask my nurses to care how a doctor 's nurses to care Dr.ucker , " Do you think that she 's wrong ? "
And the nurses thought a while and said , " Oh , I think she 's okay . "
So I sign the library , and the ambulance of the wound , the doctor gave her home .
I went through the way homework .
Three words are : Does memory ?
She came back and got dead .
Hold one hour after she went home , after I gave her home , she had a stroke and she had her back to the emergency room and people brought her back to the emergency room and pressure , in 50 , in serious shock .
And the emergency room staff save all the way .
They put her into the breath .
And I was shocked and shaking it to bone .
And I 'm sitting on the train , because after she 's going to go in the right state , she 's put into a special care , and I hope that she 's going to be able to serve .
You know that the strong embarrassment , when you reveal a secret that you 're most likely to swing your body 's most uniformly and then you 're the most lamber and two people have terrible conversations , but eventually the
This is a shyer .
And I just wondered .
Why don 't I ask my doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was a main doctor in a northern Toronto hospital , and I discovered a 25-year-old man .
And I was so busy , I was a little bit in .
He just went in .
I saw his throatro , it was a little rose .
And two days later I went to the next time , and that was when my high school asked her to talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember the pain of your life ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and recover after a few days .
But every time , they all sibles me , they all have my eyes .
That 's the system we have .
For about 20 years I wrote and I did a message about medicine , I had been studying the pre-training and wrong in medicine to learn everything that could be , from one of my first lessons I wrote to Staro Star T Toront
And what I learned is that there 's been wrong everywhere .
We work in a system in which error happens every day , in which 10 pills a single one or a misconception of drugs or whether or a misdoggery , in that bacteria get from the hospital , and more and more dead
In both cases , this is low-ball estimates , because in fact , we haven 't been able to get this problem , maybe we have to do it .
The lack of sleep is very popular .
We have the pre-tent-trown-free experience , for example , I can accept a pre-pensive breast patient .
For those things , wrong is impossible .
So , if you process the system , as I 'm taught , and I 'm taught all the wrong health workers , it 's not going to be left .
And do you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their stories .
The doctor , in the concept of definition , is the human being with meat , knows you 're just a human , accepting it , no proud of what it is wrong , but trying to learn something from being able to happen to teach somebody else
You 're very supportive when people talk about their wrongs .
And she shows the wrong thing , not the " A started , " which is a supportive way to support people can be better .
Anyone of you can all become famous online online in the seven weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video that is uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So what does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhh , wowwwww !
Whereas this video is posted in January .
In fact , Jimmy Kimmel .
Number six , six , six . Rives on the streets of six , people are waiting for the last week , weekend . Sixth , Friday . Rives on the Friday , you don 't think we 've got this talk today without
It 's almost 200 million of them .
This is graphics .
Well , Tosh.0 had seen , and many online regulations started writing about it .
Michael J. N. Nelson from the secretaryo Gransas who posted one story about this video on Twitter .
The result is now more than 10,000 version mimic " Frid " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Some of them created a old version .
Because now we don 't just reward it , we 're involved .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the specificities of media before , as most of the media are not true for media today , but they 're going to decide how to solve the future .
And my little company was trying to get into the environment by paying attention to ...
... the attention to contribute from the community .
Huh . Say a little bit .
Okay .
Well , what about it is , what about it ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story starts here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about that at the time , since we had been able to change from the ancient India of Mahabharata .
Today , we also do it with drill and machines .
So we 're going to take a little bit of the magic that 's replacing the machine .
They prevent creativity .
I 've been illustrating books from 16 years old .
The story is becoming more important .
And in fact , I 'm transforming a character in the book .
The idea that fireflies in glass , no idea why , is very interesting for me .
Another idea of the mind is that I am a big meter of a big meter that can be collected in the only place .
We all heard about the first , we all heard about the girls , but who don 't in India know about India , the Apararaparar ?
So , in coming back to this kid 's poetry , you have to go out , and , in one program , take a flowers and notes it .
In another chapter , you have to take a piece of a piece of a tree and record it .
And what happens is that you 'll create a digital collection of digital collections that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I draw it on a normal curve , maybe , it 's five , this is a kind of time , and any of the time , and this is what I 'm trying to illustrate , the graph is very stupid .
Now if I draw the graph , for example , other technology , could be the technology that would be downloaded , on a logical curve , it would look very rational , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in the technology development of the progress by changing the few years .
That 's all possible .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If it 's true , it means we 're in between the phase of communication .
And so what I 'm trying to ask , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state of the world that the world is exist ?
What 's the new state that the world 's going to be coming ?
Because this communication is very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far from when we go to it .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that it doesn 't mean that when it thinks about 30 , 50 years later , because it 's all going to be very different from everything that makes a very simple allow that we do today to do
And so I think this picture means that it means that if people look at it at it at a few billion years .
But now these oils are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they are all random of the chemicals .
It 's just a fundamental kind of basic chemistry of life , but everything is interesting when those drop out of the trick is made to extract .
In fact , everything that we live is archive of its genome by the same signature systems and code completely similar .
I don 't know if you know this , but bacteria can actually communicate DNA .
This media allows bacteria to form that including the same bacteria that are together ; they combine together .
And so they 're alive or dying , and it means , if a community develops , all of the individual in that community itself , they 're going to produce more individuals and they evolved in positive ways .
And so the next process is really interesting in life is about a billion years .
And at that moment , we have multinational mass , the mass of these different types of cells , working together as a single one single organ .
The skin cells of people are not going to work if lack of the exist in heart cells , cells , brain cells and many other cells .
The next process happened is that in these pants .
These cells , again , start to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the neural system of these pants .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a fish that live , for example , learn not eat a kind of a result because it 's not delicate and that individual can be uncomfortable when it 's eating that .
That neuroscience , indeed , they form specific structures , which push the evolution of evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a fish .
For example , the most complex version we know about is human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about the natural hours , hopefully create in the head of people think , and a little bit of chaos and ambiguous and a little bit like my thinking .
This allows us to exist as a living body .
Text : computers , video games , CD and so many other things are tools that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a bigger community and have a far more likely to evolved further than we before .
This process is just on its own and become , I guess , that , the emotions are from the right process -- when a process push its changing speed .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this curil of curtain .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that the equipment that I use to design computers can 't use if there 's not technologies that recently in computers .
So now , what I do is we do is we design with complex level of complexity seems to be impossible if design is traditional .
I don 't know the technology of all the transistors in the connection .
Instead , what I do is also doing , as the teachers are doing at the University of Designers that are taking over the course of the filter and put that into the machine and we can do it in the machine , we can do , further and
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the methods we don 't even understand .
A special method that I 'm still using is still a lot of progress .
Or , in other words , " Mean computer , you can give hundreds of millions of random rules .
In other words , I define what I want .
And so , copy them with re-border institutions like reproduction . "
Take two programs and they 'll create products by metabolizing their subway rules , and product is essentially the properties of two programs .
Maybe there are some changes .
So I 'm going to have perfect sure program with the number of numbers .
In fact , they are better programs than many programs I can write hands .
They are very simple programs and odd .
It said , " This plane has hundreds of thousands of details work for you to have a safe flight . ' It 's not making you feel confidence ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the regular design of the building blocks for allowing .
Because all this technology is all about themselves , it 's developing .
But I think there 's something that 's stuck with us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
This program is called Code for America and this program is pretty like Peace Corps for a computer .
We took a few candidates a year , they 're going to work with the city government .
They 're going to write great applications , working with staff .
How can it find help in the situation of this kind of two ?
They 're there for February of snow .
They noticed that cities never disfused the firefillers .
But a member of the Erik Michael-Ober , attention to another thing , which is that people still have been natural peace before .
Every time you do that , you have to name it , and he puts the first name of the Al .
This is a small app .
Maybe the smallest of 21 applications and members of the last year .
But it did something that doesn 't do a government .
A guy in Honolu Dolu Molu was aware of this app and realized he could use it , not for the snow , but to people define the tsunicipal light .
The lights work very important , but there are people who are stolen energy from them .
Chicago software applications for people to put the tubswalker , while the sun has snow .
There are nine cities that are now working on this app .
Last year , we had a three-year-old team working in a two-and-half-half-half months in Boston .
The project that the parents find the right job with their children .
Some people say to us that , as normal , to build a software that will have to lose at least two and cost about two million dollars .
But the numbers are nothing .
Now there 's a project in California law that has spent two billion taxes , but still don 't work .
That means that without control , always opening and reproduction new things .
It 's a happy , because we 'll have more than the action of the social action with the power of electronics .
They haven 't been rided .
Now there are many people who lose their own government .
Like many of you , I thought the government was just starting to vote .
After two years , I 've been discovered , especially with local government , about the dancers .
He type " Oross " Aross " in the mainstream data .
This is the result of the people who come in the city in Boston .
But what happens with Citizens Conference .
Huh , mast , the dimmerce Trosserumus . "
It 's pretty simple .
It 's interesting . This is the technology that has access to real life .
When this person helps the other , our community becomes bigger .
If you call the motion management of the animal , it 's going to spend more money .
Most people understand that , but they think this is the beginning of the other .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we spend a lot of energy to find a political leader -- and then we sit back and hope that the government will reflect our value and satisfying our needs , but then there
But that contrary of contrary that we 've seen what we have and pay for the order of against us , and then it 's harmony ourselves .
Some people think politics are very intriguing .
Because that 's where the real jobs happen .
That 's what OccupySPHS .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but it 's the bureaucratic system .
We 're going to get what we need to do without a political state of the representative power of all of us ?
This is how my voice is to fight for the rights .
Their war isn 't like us to be people who are going to be a voice ; they all have to do that .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can treat the watercolbery , and many of you did that .
But the applications like the reminder that we 're not just consumers , and we 're not just the government 's consumers , contribute and get back to service .
Furthermore , we are citizens .
And we cannot be government-border until we do good for citizens .
I have a question for all of you here : When are important things that matter to our shared their own hands , all of us , we 're going to be a crowd of hours of speech , or we 're going to become a group of
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients anymore .
One of the things we 've done at the University of Radbodmoud is a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen anymore .
It 's got a knot in the middle of the short one .
But another thing .
But that 's what 's probably happening because this is called the gay pressure pressure pressure , the same force that has helped patients -- since it 's used to be used for obesity , it can also use to be used for the patient to get
Wind out of technology uses and start with them to make sense of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get these patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas station is .
But where are there the most recent AED , could it help this patient ?
And today we 're going to show this device not just AEDU that this product is called A4SUS .
Because , maybe , this is a photographer that you cannot bring on a camera .
It 's knitting with my passion , but there 's a little bit different , because using a camera , processed up .
These pictures like this : building up along the crowd-dire .
But it has a lightning light that doesn 't want .
What makes the hallucinations ?
Sometimes the scene makes hallucinations .
It 's not really what 's true , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that combine the images that have a process of a process .
It 's really just a little bit of doing different things .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that combine the images should have a general context .
Second , combine pictures should have a light .
And these two pictures are all satisfied by two conditions -- taken at the same level and at the same time .
So by combine colorful , contrast and light in the lines between different images , addictures of the dyscale of the field , desalvascular and dust , we delete the lines between different images and make it as a co
But this photograph was completely created by different areas .
I think that it 's easier to even create context , rather than finding context , because then you 're not going to be able to organize ideas in the head .
And there was this idea for the winter , I knew I had to lose a few months to be prepared , to find different places of the images .
For example , the fish are caught in the sentence .
There 's always a starting with a sketch , a idea .
Everything that 's here , and the only thing we 're doing is imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called Growseen Growse .
And just for a few years , LEGO 's casses have been in all the houses .
LEO has taken the concrete cabl , the building blocks of the world , and make it into the bricks of imagination .
Transistor is a plastic-figrometer that will take us from the world of the world of wives together to the world that everything interactive .
It 's like concrete bricks , transistor allow you to build big circuits and more complex circuits , every brick .
My personalized myself , that the bricks built for the modern era just for experts , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
LittleBitBit is electronics with different functionality .
You 're blue with blue , you can make a circuit .
Instead of the packaging of the form , like this , and now you have a flash lamps .
Texting this electrical bay and now you created an hour-tolen machine .
We 've brought the small kids and we 've seen them playing with theittleBay .
And that 's a great experience .
We also brought the designBay to design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are completely unstable , which is something about electronics starting to play with the goodBayBay .
And here you 'll see , with a mastered , and bottle of water , Closeie made ...
A few weeks ago we took the DISBay to RISD and gave them some designers that don 't have any experience with the card , wood and paper -- and told them , " Let 's do something . "
If the government found materials that were not true , they could get access to who were the subject of the optimism .
But today , at this moment , in 2011 , if you have a laser print from any printer from any printer that 's what the printer is and if you try to print a paper that 's going to be a piece of paper that 's
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
And this kind of criminal justice is very simple and easy to understand .
They use online attacks to make a lot of money , a lot of money .
Some of the typical examples of the millionaires come from the world who make money from the attacks .
Alfred Gonzalzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's here .
And I think that the risk we 're becoming the victim of the world is bigger than the real world .
And a real fact that these pictures are getting worse .
In the future , most of the legal decisions will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous have been up in 12 months and became a critical force in this revolution .
So we have three attacks : criminal leaders with their own money for hackers like Anonymouses to resist our government , the government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened in DigotiNotarot .
They had to submit the last year because their revolution had been destroyed .
In the last week , in a meeting with the Hutch government , I had a question for their leaders that he was not rational if someone had to die because Digoti 's attacked .
Digoti is a company called the real service .
In fact , you need an evidence that if you have a web-size-torn web-torn-torn service with SSL , which is the service of the Gmmmmm is using .
All of us , or at least , we 're using Gmmail or another email applications , and these services are available in the countries like Iran , where the mainstream scientists are taking out of the foreign service from the foreign countries , because
And create evidence that just risk .
And that 's exactly what happened to DigiNotar .
In this documentary , there are words that have a company where the German government sells a lot of technical tools to hear on a big scale of all the people 's communication and exchange of people .
This is the main space of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in its country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people had discovered the Traditionju Scujin , which was a German German government to investigate their people .
They heard your Internet sugar .
They even use tools like Toanjan Scinstin to infect your computer , and then they can get everything you 've been communicated , there 's all your conversation through your web , and there 's a passwords that are
So why am I worried ?
But this is not a reasonable .
Pivil privacy is not a controversy .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we believe , in a blind way of blinding any future , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
