This story is not end .
Let me tell you a few pieces of paper .
Imagine a man : Imagine a man who 's first career .
Imagine , imagine a community , he 's really good product that he 's really worth of the real life .
In the last year , you 're a month , he never came back to him .
She never forget my life to forget my life .
My life is not to realize that my life , but we 've learned that our life , and our life is the history , yes , yes , yes , yes , we 've learned that we 've learned that we 've learned that .
My mother , my mother , the two years ago , the mother had lost two , two , a little girl who had lost her mother .
So after four years , a fish , a fish , a fish , a fish in the seafound of the seafound .
If we started , we were going to start , and my mother would be going to be a mother and then .
We 're in the middle of the middle of the people in the middle class , which is the population of the population of the population .
One-year-old , because the eye has to be six years ago .
I decided to go through a voice and say , " I 'm going to go through the voice . "
My mother open-source computer and open-source computer and open-source business .
We found the aid and the aid .
The center are being taken .
In the world , I 'm injured , the other people in the world , the violence , and the violence .
And so , because I was the last year , I was the last year , was the law of the law .
I don 't know about the wine .
I couldn 't do it .
My mother was a year-old mother as well as I was now .
And I realized that I was also a new man , and I realized that the same thing that we can do is , not only one , but also be a new thing , is that we need to do is , not just a new thing .
So I should go on my own .
I 'm a small team that we 're made with a small challenge that 's not made with a small challenge . "
I did a day , I made a huge amount of food .
There 's a journey .
Before I 'd end with you , I 'd like to tell you about my friends .
Life is the last century .
In the age of 17 years old , she was a model of this model , and she was a two-year-old .
I 'm in a room in the room , in the hotel room , in the way of the way of the hotel room .
And at a half of the house , and we had to tell him that he had to be a great care .
My mother told us we feel .
And my mother asked me , " Why do I ask my mother ? "
Now I want to have a little bit of the boat , and I want to have a hole .
I don 't know .
And yes , well , your mother 's seat today .
It 's really a very proud to share with people and share with me .
I had to have to have been over the time , and I had to spend a long time in prison in prison .
I also lived through a long time with the community where people are low-term community and hope .
And I went to this to me and I was going to listen to this , and I was going to this .
And I think this is really important because I think about really important .
I learned this from my mother .
I grew up in a house , a family , and a family , and I 'm a family system and the people .
Three are the mother of the mother 's mother .
She 's also a little bit , but she 's also a pork .
When I was a child , I 'll look at her , and she would go in my mother .
I went to my breath to her , and I was hard to see her .
So , if I met a two hours later , she 'd say , " You 'd see , and I feel like , " You 'd feel like , do you feel like , do you feel like , do you feel like , do you
And if I say , " If I 'm not saying , " and if I 'm going to say , " I 'm going to attack you 'll say , " and if I 'll say , " and I 'll say ,
She 's going to be a way you want to be in the way you want to be close .
My mother was a mother , in the house .
And sometimes , I went to her , but she was hard to come to the time to her .
And I remember , I remember eight years old , and I was eight years old , and I was going to see what I was doing , and I was doing , and I was nine years old .
At the beginning , we 're playing games .
And I 'm going to forget never forget .
I 'm not going to forget her .
I said , " I 'm saying . "
" first I want to be the first thing that she 's going to have to love . "
The second thing I want to do is that I 'm going to do is always going to do is to do . "
Two , I said , " No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no one . "
I said , " No , I feel like that , I 'm not going on , " No , " No , "
I should say no longer be worth .
I 'm not saying I 'm not about how to do it , but I think about the right way of human rights .
We can start to start to start to think they 're not doing that they 're doing that they don 't do .
He was in the prison of the prison , and I sold the prison .
In 1992 , there 's 300,000 people are 300,000 .
The United States has the highest rate of the world .
And seven million people are being destroyed or seven million people .
30 years old people are being taken from the skin or 30 years old , or a black man .
Our legal system is not only the reason , but the reason that we are being being being destroyed by not only the fear of poverty .
And although we see this , we still seem to be comfortable .
And fear and fear that we have to believe that we 've got to be worried about and not a problem .
But I care about this .
And there 's a silent responsibility .
Many of my little different things are still so much .
We have a general project for children .
We 're doing the conditions .
And the only thing is that the world 's the only thing in this world .
I 'm going to do the same theory for the prisoners .
But there 's another way we 're still thinking about our personal way .
How do this is not about the way that we have to kill people or kill them or not , or not ?
Imagine it 's hard .
But by doing that , we 're going to stop this problem .
But this is a country in Africa , but it 's a terrible time .
They 're worried about the bombsight .
We stop not stop .
We 've been saying that we 've been ready to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing
I have some of theories in Germany .
In fact , I 'm really interested in a very difficult lesson because I 'm going to hear what I 'm saying , " and I 'm going to hear what I 'm going on . "
In Germany , there 's no molecule . "
You 'll see how the world is , if you see the best place in the world , that 's the best place .
I couldn 't do it .
In the country , we know , if the white government is the white people are the black project of the black holes who are the black holes who are the black holes that the black holes who are the black-patrusted by the black
And so , there 's a way .
And the technology , creativity .
We have the reason for the mind , we have .
They 're going to come from the idea of the heart of the heart of the heart of the heart .
The great leader , a great leader of this , the Hillian .
The things are just just just about .
Now I had a couple of times after a couple of times , and I said , " Let me tell you about the solution to the solution , " Let me tell you about the solution .
So I started talking about the head .
When I say , my God , " When I look at her , and she said , "
I think that TED community needs to have to be more emotional .
We need to find problems with the challenge , and to find the problems that we 're going on .
Because all of us , all of this planet has been on this planet .
I believe that everybody on Earth .
I think if they 're not saying , they 're not saying they 're not a pork .
And so , we have to protect the rules that we have to protect the rules .
I believe that many countries in this country , of course , of course , is not the world , of course , and of course , is not the rich .
And finally , I believe that this is really interesting , because we 're really interested in fact , and we 're really interested in the last , but we 're really interested in the end of the technology is really interested in the end of our
Because that 's what we start looking at is about who we 're looking at .
Sometimes , I 'm going to end up with this story , I 'm going to end up with this story .
Sometimes I try to do it , sometimes I try to do it .
And I made the kids very high-made project .
I met myself in 13 years ago , and he was 13 years ago , and he was a young man who was a young man .
How do you have to be a building ?
And then I thought , I was writing a crazy day , and I thought about it ?
I think this is hard to be difficult .
I went in the ears .
It 's a very profound relationship with my community , and it 's a human beings , for the ability to hope for the human beings .
And when I look at the step , I see the step .
He 's looking at the door , and he can hear all the window .
He went to the Bronx .
Thank you very much .
So you 'd like to see your audience and the audience , and you 'd like to do something that .
For example , if you 're going to have a state in California , we 're going to have a half of the end of the state , we 're going to have a half of the time .
So we 'll give a million dollars in a year . We 'll give a year for a million dollars a year .
The task is not a percent of the task .
The United States began to be violence in the United States , not violence .
And so we have three people , and so we 're going to take their own personalized as the prisoners , because they 're going to be replaced by the bank .
I believe that we need to do more people who are not to do more people who are being done by the victims , not to do .
The fact , the right thing you 've actually been here .
And that can explain that idea because I 'll explain three minutes before the story of time .
He 's got 185333333333 .
So what happens here ?
The second story is , to tell the second idea of the way to be called the road of the road .
I went to the study in the West , in the West Africa .
I 'm going to go to the great Africa because of the Africa is going to be in Africa and then I 'm going to be able to be able to do this .
I could have been able to have been in that life .
This is my first sun .
The tree is designed by a couple of trees , you can see a couple of trees .
There 's a 20-year-old-old fish with a black fish with a black fish .
The idea of this kind of super-pounding , and they 're really getting more good at the time they 're going to be able to start to get a lot more time .
They 're five-year-old high-old high-old .
So there 's no change , but it 's changed .
In the ' 70 years , the projects , the project -- 60 years , the project started to do a project -- 60s .
And this is pretty bad , which is a four-bian , called the Cubia .
What we started , we didn 't find it from it .
What 's the thing is that the bottom of the bottom of the bottom of the bottom of the sea is the sea .
These pictures are so rapidly , because these are moving out of the very rapidly .
In the ' 93 , you start doing a commercial commercial , a fish .
These species are not being being taken by them , because they 're dying .
We remember this world , but we don 't remember this .
If you 'll get this , this is what happens .
We have some good things from the country , from the country , the country of the country , the country of the country of the country .
Every generation will use their life from the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of the life and the beginning .
And that 's larger than the level , we want to do something larger than we want .
You 're losing animals .
We should be more rare because we should be more we 're getting more .
They don 't know because it 's been different .
In fact , many people , scientists are going to be really going to be really a lot of other people .
For example , for example , the story that 's not known because it 's often used to be used by a lot of people who are used to be used by the science or not seen in the science .
So the sea is really the past of the past .
I think these are art , and I can be able to think , and perhaps the art .
You 'll notice that you can see the same sound like " and sound like " and " "
If you think about the film " Pahahah -- " if you think about how people are , don 't think about how to do it -- don 's going to do it -- how to do it 's going to be .
Thank you very much .
How many of you know how many choices in the day ?
I 've been looking at the U.S. , and this is about 70 times more than 70 times more than the American people who 's .
There are a week that we 've been done with the newspaper of the week .
And the scientists have been doing all these different kinds of time to make a lot of things that were doing and all of time .
Of course , every little choice is a lot of options .
Now , you think about the choices .
If I don 't ask , if you ask me , and if you , you 're happy , you 're happy .
This is their space .
We opened a little door in the door , and we tried to open the door .
And many people , when we stop the other , we 've just about 60 percent of the 40 percent , we 've got 40 percent .
In the next case , we realized that people like a market .
Now we see the opposite direction .
In the number of people we bought 24 percent of them , we bought a number of them , and we bought them .
Anyone in the 30 percent of the people , when we see that number 30 percent of them , we see that number 30 percent .
Now , at least one time , they see a six times more than 24 hours when they see them when they want to see them .
TS : The next thing today is going to continue to save the financial financial .
And what we see is that the number of money is designed to save the number of money to save the energy .
So if you look at the planes of the middle of the money that you 're not going to be more than 70 billion years ago , we 're not going to be in the middle of the middle .
Now , it 's not the ability to see who are the ability to choose to see the ability to take us to see the ability .
What I want to want to tell you today is that I 'm going to take a lot of simple business in a business , in a lot of business model that you can actually have been able to see in a lot of business .
Everyone said , " Everyone 's always cut me . "
When you see the business of the Fall , they 're 15 percent of the Falling the Fall , the number of the Fall , the number of the Fall is 15 percent of the Fall .
When the biggest product is eight percent of the production of the production of the production of the 10 percent of the production , they 're going to be a cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost
You know , that 's the average day you 're going to take a product today .
People don 't know why to cut it . "
This is the human beings .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So I 'm going to do a lesson with a student that I 've done in the Mi-Cho , and I 've been working with people in the U.K. , and I 've done with a student that
And we 've been in this stage , but we 're just a little little little little bit of this .
We can solve more choices than we solve .
It turns out that the Sierragon 's only the Sierragrman in the North Pole and even the North Pole , even in the North Pole .
Now , this is two women .
If you think the left is the left side of the right side , you 're a screen and you 're a screen .
There are some good people , good .
And if you think the left is the left side of the right side and the right side , you 're a hand .
OK , more .
This is a very useful form of self-pound .
We have to increase the complex level .
You have a different decision , which is a little more likely to make you 're going to be a car .
I chose the color , the color of color of color .
So I 'm going to do what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to do is to do .
If you 're going to take a decision for every decision , you 're going to be so many of that means that I 'm going to be so much . "
For the same amount of information , the same amount of information .
What I 've been the only thing I 've been changed in that I 've been done in the screen .
If I started with you , I learned how to learn how to learn .
It also inspired me to give it a great product that I 'm so much fun to me a great product and so much fun .
Let me leave you .
I 'm going to focus on some of you , I 'm going to hear a lot of them .
That 's the number of bubbles .
10 times , it 's like that .
That 's a global game , 10 times the entire global warming .
This is okay , right ?
But , you know , you know , but ?
And only 2577 .
You think of the doctors think , " How many doctors , a doctor or a doctor , a doctor ? "
I 'm a perfect student because of biology .
I was in the small medical school in the hospital , in this small hospital , and I couldn 't be far away from this country .
I started learning in the classroom , and the body of the body , the body , the body 's going to get the body , and the body 's going on the body .
And in the process , I 'm more and more knowledge .
And when my lab was to save the patients , the patient 's lab .
And I met her , she was very hard .
This is not going on when the lung , the blood pressure , the blood pressure , and the blood pressure , and the blood pressure , and the blood pressure , and the blood pressure , and the blood pressure .
And that 's the first time I 'm wrong ; I 'm wrong .
I 'm not saying that she 's not saying to the hospital .
I probably probably probably should be right .
In fact , I believe that she 's asked me to ask her to ask her to the hospital , " Do you think , " Do you 're okay ? "
And she thought she was a simple , and she thought , " Well , I 'm okay , I 'm going to be okay . "
So I was a paper , and she took the paper to the hospital , and she went to the hospital .
I went through the way of the room .
Three : Is it ?
She went back and she died .
And after a mother came back to her , she went back to her , and she went back to her , and she went back to her , and she was a very serious , and she went back to her family .
And every room is using the lab .
They put the machine in the machine .
And I was shocked and the bone .
And I sat on the bottom , because she 's going to sit on the train , and she 's going to be a specialistor , and she 's going to be a specialist .
You know , when I 'm going to tell you , but when you 're going to be a secret , you 're going to be wrong , you 're going to be wrong , you 're going to be wrong , and you '
This is a person who 's a pork .
And I asked myself .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why do you ask the patients ?
Two years later I was a doctor in the north of a hospital in the north of the hospital , and I was in the U.K. , and a hospital .
And at the time , I was very busy .
He just just put it in that .
I saw it , he 's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of fun .
And then I went to two days later , and I was to my own room , and I was to my own life on the table .
" Do you remember the pain ? "
He had to be a few days later and the drugs .
But every time , they all looked at me , I looked at me , I looked at me .
That 's the system that we have .
In the last 20 years I wrote about the first study and I wrote a study in the first study , and I could write about the first study in the medical school , and I could learn from the first study of the medical school .
And I learned that there is a wrong place where there 's wrong place .
We do a system in a system , or a system , in the more of the more of the more or the more of the more of the hospital , or the more of the more of the hospital , or the more of the things that 's
In fact , these are low-pounding cases , because we 're not so low-pounding problems that we 've been looking at this .
The same thing is sleep .
We have examples based on the patient , I can be able to give you a perfect example of the patients .
For those things , that 's wrong .
So if you 're taught me , you 're not going to be taught , and wrong , nobody else , and nobody would be wrong .
And you know , who don 't want to talk about the worst case of them ?
They want to share their story . They want their story .
The concept , by the concept , who was a way , who was a human being taught to realize that , but it was a human beings , who was a human beings , who was a way , who was a human being a way , who was
You 're very different when they talk about their support .
And she 's going to be a good way of the other people are not just going to get a better way to get better way , " You can get better . "
Anyone you can go in the Internet every week , so you can go into the Internet .
But now , every video is more than a minute .
So how do this happen ?
Oh , God .
Oh , God !

Oh , God !
In this video is taken on a month .
In fact , the reason is the reason .
Everything , third , the last week , I hope that you 'm going to wait for six weeks . You 're thinking about six weeks , I think , "
The 200 million are close to 200 million .
This is the graph that 's what 's the graph .
Well , T.B. , many of you see it , and it started writing it .
Michael Nelson : The first story of this story from J.com.com.com.
Now , this is a result of the results that is " The Faha . "
It 's just like this .
Who made a version of that was made .
Because now we are not just involved , but we 're involved in the reward .
Oh , yes .
What does this mean ?
And these are not the things that are the right way of the future , but it 's not the way of the way of the future , it 's going to be the way of the way of the way of the future .
And I 'm trying to try to make a little new way of the environment , by trying to make the environment .
The community is from the community .
Shut . Shakes .
Okay .
Well , I 'm now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story started , in the last two years ago , the story of the back in the back .
We 're not about the time , we have no time from India .
Today , we 're doing this with machines and machines .
We 're going to show the " The " The " is the " the " the " the " allowed to be done by the machine .
They 're inspired by creativity .
I was 16 years old .
The more the more the story is becoming more .
And I 'm actually going to be a book in a book .
The idea of the idea , I don 't know why , in the same firefounding .
Another idea that I can be in a very large idea when I 'm a child is a very large idea of a very large .
We all heard about the first version , but we all heard about India , India , who are all heard about India , who are all of India ?
So in this , you have to take this , and you have to take a poem , and it out of a poem , and it out of a flower .
In another one , you have to take a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece .
And what happens is that you can create a digital network that you can create a digital network .
In the left hand , the technology , the ability to connectivity and other technology .
Then if you can go on this page , you can get this page .
The answer is , if I 'm a graph , this is a very often , I 'm saying , this is a very often , and this is a very often , this is a very often , and this is a very often , very often
Now if I 'm going to paint , if I can sell a technology , like a very different way , it 's a very much more like a technology , it 's a very much more like a very much more like a technology .
And there 's no progress in the history of the history of the history of the next few years .
It 's all the things that can happen .
Now I 'm thinking , I can go in this way , so I think it can go .
If it 's true , we 're moving in between the middle of the middle of the middle .
And so I 'm asking , so I 'm asking what is , what I 'm asking , what is the world is the world ?
What 's going on is the world where the new world is the world ?
Because this process seems too hard to be so hard to be so hard to be in the middle of the middle of the process .
It 's going to go away from us .
And we don 't know that it 's not really what we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be very simple because of this year later , because of what we '
And I think , this picture is because if it 's a few billion people look at it 's going to look at the point .
But today , it 's not really a lot of nature today , because we 're all talking about the nature of nature of nature .
It 's a basic chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical chemical , but it 's more interesting .
In fact , everything is completely self-sized , it 's completely self-pounded and it 's completely self-s completely self-s self-s .
I don 't know if you can actually know , but if you can actually change DNA .
This bacteria allows bacteria to make the same kind of kind of kind of kind of social media that they can make them together .
And so they live together , so if they 're born , they 're going to be able to die , and that community , and if they 're going to be a community , and that 're going to be able to be a community
And so , so it 's interesting to be a billion years of life .
And in the time , we can do a cell , we can do different cell , like a cell , the only one cell .
The cells will be not be used if the cells of the cells , the cells of the cells , the cells , the cells of the cells , and if it 's a lot of cells .
The next process is that this process in the process .
These cells start , again , start to start with a cell phone .
And that 's the brain system and the whole brain system .
And they 're so much of the process of evolution .
So for example , there 's a fish , because it can be a fish , and it 't be a fish .
In fact , it 's a very quickly process of information , so they 've been so rapidly , so rapidly .
Because today , the process can happen in a process .
For example , the most complex language is the human language .
I 'm sitting here in the same way , I think , and I 'm thinking about to be able to make a little bit like a little bit of thinking about the same way .
This allows us to start to start to live in a body .
The phone , the computer , the computer is that we 're doing with computers and computers that we 're doing with a lot of information .
And we all have a larger ability to connect us and further further .
This process , and I like this process , that it 's going on , and it 's going on , that it 's going on .
And I think that 's what we see here is that this is in this line , in the line .
Now I know , to design computers , and I don 't know that I can use computers if I can use computers to use computers if I can use computers .
So now , I 'm going to do this with the ability to do a complex system if we 're able to design .
I don 't know all the tools of the machine that are connected in the machine .
Instead , I also do something like we can do in the design and we 're doing more efficient and more efficient and more efficient and more efficient than that we 're doing that .
And in fact , sometimes we understand the solution we don 't even understand the solution .
One particular method I 'm still using a lot of ways that I 'm still using .
Or , you say , " Or you can give millions of data , hundreds of millions of data .
In other words , I want to make things .
And they 're like " Poples of self-dogens . "
Take two programs and produce the two programs , and they will make the program of the program .
Maybe some change .
And I 'm going to finish with the program , I 'm going to finish with the program .
In fact , we can write more program , we can write program .
They are very old , and they 're very high-minded .
It said , " It 's safe . It 's safe to make you feel safe . "
And it allows us to build more complex products for the product .
Because all this technology is self-sized .
But I think there 's something that 's a little bit of us .
And I think that 's what we 're going on here -- this is part of the next generation of the next generation .
This process is called the process of the process of the process , and this program is a pretty much like the computer program .
We 're going to choose a few years of the city , they 're going to do a few years .
In that way , they 're going to write a team , and they 're going to do it .
How can it help it find a situation ?
They 're in the snow of the snow .
They never have to take the city to take the water out of the water .
But there 's a very different name called EOOOOOS , which is another thing , which is something else , which is something else .
Every time you do it , you have to put it , and he 's the first time .
This is a small reaction .
Maybe it 's probably the least in the 21 years , and the 21st century .
But it 's not a government that does not work .
A young guy in the office room , he knows that the city of the city , and he can use it to use it to be used to be used to be used to the city .
This light bullet , but it 's important to eat very important to eat the energy .
The software allows people to allow the sun to allow the sun to have the sun .
Now , there 's nine cities that 's using this city .
In 1995 , we had a half-year-old project in a project in the project .
The project that helped her parents to find their parents .
There are two people , we 're going to build a million dollars to build a year , and we 'll be able to build a year .
But the number is nothing .
Now , there 's a project that has been a billion dollars in the system that has been a billion dollars , not been on .
That means not always control , and control .
It 's a fun , because we 're going to have more technology of technology .
They 're not from the word .
Now there are a lot of people who are lost in government .
Like , I think people just like I just started to go to the government .
After two years , I was born with the specialists , especially with the local power of the local power .
He 's like " The data in the data . "
This is the result of the people in the city of the city in the city .
But the other story happens with the other .
" The mouse , " love is worthy .
It 's simple .
This is really interesting . This is the technology .
When people are , this is a much more powerful than our community .
If you call the center , that 's going to call more money .
Most people understand that , but they think that this is the first thing .
How many times , we 're going to go back to the political leaders -- and we 're going to find a political system -- and then we 're going to find a lot of value of the value of the government and then we 're
But that 's what we see is that we 've got to do , and we 've got to do , and we 've got to do .
There are very , very interesting people .
Because that 's where government is actually happening .
It 's what the OSSSS .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not the political system , but it 's the political system .
We 're going to be able to do all the things that we need to do ?
This is the power of the power of the power of the power .
The war didn 't have to be like our war ; they 're going to do it 's not who 's going to do it 's going to be the same thing .
They use my hands .
Yes , we can do a lot of people , and they 've done a lot of people .
But the kinds of technologies like the community , we 're not just using the taxes , and the government , and our government is not just using the government .
In fact , we are the citizens .
And we can 't do the government for the government to do good job .
When I ask you have a question : When we need to be a group of all of our hands , we 're going to be a group of our hands , we 're going to be going to be going to be a group of our hands
And I think that the most important thing we don 't listen to the patients .
One of the things we do is we listen to the modern college .
And I think that we 're probably all of these are not a project -- but even though , we 're not sure that all the medical problems that all the medical problems that we 're not going to be able to be able to be able
It 's got a stick in the middle of the middle .
But another thing .
But that 's the most powerful thing that has happened to call it , because it 's used to use the patients , or the power of the patients , it 's used to use it 's used to use it .
How do we use these techniques to use patients and to create patients with patients .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas is the gas .
But where can help are in this device is in the patients ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device today , not only this product , but today is called BUSCSCSCS .
So , this is probably not a camera that you can do with .
It 's about my passion , but it 's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of design , because it 's designed .
These pictures : The path of the path of the path that are going on .
But it doesn 't want to be a little bit .
What should we make illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is making the illusion .
It 's not really what we think is , it 's really what it 's really really really really about .
Let me show you a simple example of this .
And I also found that there 's a picture that has a process .
It 's only the same thing that are actually working together .
But again , they can create something like this .
So that first is the context of the context that there is a context .
Second , there 's two images that have a light .
And the two pictures of the same conditions -- the same thing is that is a light in the same way .
So the way , the color of the color of the color of the color , and the same way that we can do the same picture of the same picture of the same picture , and the same picture of the color , and the same picture of the
But this photo is completely completely different pictures of images from the area .
I think that I 'm going to do more easily , because you 're going to find more easy to find more easy to be able to find more easy .
And this idea is that I have to find a few months to find out of the whole bunch of photos , to findings of the whole picture of the whole year .
For example , the story is taken in the fish .
There 's a picture with a picture , a idea .
Everything here is the only tool , and our imagination are the only way .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gr .
And in the last few years , there are a little short-OOOOOOOO .
LOOOOOXOXOXO , the world 's imagination , and it 's built the imagination .
Even as a cell phone that we 're going to take the same structure of the world that we 'll get together from each other 'll come on .
Like the Lor , you 're a large number of jam , and a large number of jam , a large-bracker .
I don 't realize that these things are being a century , so I decided that it 's only to make it 's only the modern .
Let me show you how we see how we work .
Lessorphet is different kinds of different structures .
You can take blue , green green , you can make the green .
Instead of this , you have a light , and you have a light-bow .
This is a little bit more and you create a computer .
We took a little bit of kids to play with the kids and play .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also also have to design the school .
For example , we know what we 're going to play with the design of the device that we 're not going on with the device that the device .
And you 'll see here with the water , the same paper , and the same paper , the water .
A couple of weeks ago we took a paper to the paper and we 've got a couple of weeks ago , and we 're not doing something with a few paper and they 're doing something with a few weeks .
If the government is to think that nobody can do this right thing that they can do is to think of the right thing . "
But today , in the last year , if you can buy a paper , if you 're a paper , you 're a paper that 're a paper that 're going to buy a paper that 's a paper that 's a paper
This is a example of the government that we 're using our citizens , to use our country .
And this kind of simple networks are very simple and easy .
They use money to use money to spend a lot of money , money .
One example of the world has been taken from the population of the population of the population of the population of the Internet .
Azon : Az .
Senjinjin .
Jama is doing no one ; he 's doing it 's in the right now .
And I 'm sure that we are now more risk of this world today , the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the risk of the world .
And this is a more clearness is worse than the worse .
In the future , the world will not happen in the world .
The same group of the Taiwenus was like this group of years ago , and this was a team of attack in the game .
So we have three companies : we 're taking the government to attack the government , and the government is the government of our government , and the government is the government .
There are a lot of them like DDi-NNCi-Ci-C .
They had to be able to break the system because they had been destroyed the system of the system .
In the last week , the question of the government has a question that if someone has been asked to be asked to be asked to be a question , I don 't have a moral question .
DNNNNNNNNN .
In fact , if you need a website to use a service , you 're using a service , you 're using a service , which is using a service .
All of us , is the biggest services that we 're using the same media , because they 're using the same services , or the same services that they 're using the same services , and they 're going to use of the same services
And the evidence is just a risk of the risk .
And that 's exactly exactly what happened with Di .
In this company is a company that has heard from the company that has heard of the company that has heard of the company that has been able to sell a lot of people in Germany and a lot of people in Germany .
This is the government of the government .
But the government also do that in the West , right now .
For example , for example , the German people , the German German people have been used to use their own company to use their own company .
They hear your Internet .
They 'll even use the tools of the phone that you can use of the phone , and you can get the phone , and you can get the phone , and you can get the phone .
So why do I worry about it ?
But this is not a argument .
The argument doesn 't need to be argument .
This is a problem between control and control .
And we have a government , can believe in a government , in a 50 years , how can we have a government ?
