This story has never ended .
Let me tell you about some pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burned his life .
Imagine him , a community that went into the Gotain , the real-sharing , that his life wasted .
Language , past year , you know , you 're all engaged with him , now filmed a joke .
My grandparents had never allowed me to forget my life .
My mission is not to be through that life , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , historically , but we 've been suffering .
My mother , Mid , 18 years old , who lost their parents , a marriage , who was going to put two little girls .
So after four years , a biosphere , a more biosphere , a booming booming of the camps are the fish .
If we were arrested , first of course , my mother and my mother and she would drink .
We decided in Foot-eye , suburban urban neighborhoods in that population is immigrants .
A long-term community is served , because it 's going to be six years .
The center of the care and a silent voice , " I 'll go through all the obstacles . "
She opens her computer stores and the aesthetic expertise and open business facilities .
We 've made aid and funded troops .
The centers are formed .
In the other world , I 'm stuck in the spinal cord , sadness , drilling and alcohol .
And because the work , when I was the last year , I was elected to be elected to be the Australian Physics of Australia .
I don 't know about wine .
I told my mother was not able to do it .
My mother reminds me that I 'm also with my mother 's time when we 're on the boat .
And at the same time I realized that the alien men were , the new person came , the present , and not just being -- it 's a thing that we need to know , maybe a gift from the boat .
So I went into my spiritual .
I collected a little team with us , " No , " is a compelling challenge .
And I did a huge soup , and I did a huge soup that we ate .
I 've got a trip .
Before I finish , let me tell you about her .
Life was like that in centuries .
In the 17 years old , she became his wife , his own personalized self-direction .
I 'm bathing in a hotel in the Sdney in the vanilla died at 600 miles away , in Melbourne .
Half the night a house came and told us that he had to close the resources .
My mother told us my hand .
My mother asked her , " Why is my mother warm , how cool people do they do ? "
Now I want to have kids , and I wonder about the boat .
I don 't know .
And yeah , your mother 's mother here is here in fourth chairs or five .
It 's really a great honor for me when I 'm standing here and share with people .
I had to experience the long time in prison , after the iron and the prison for the prisoners were convicted of the visualization .
I also experienced a long-term time in the community of people who have low income with projects and full of despair .
And I 'm here to be encouraged and then I listened to this , and I 've been listening to me a lot more recommendation .
And I mentioned this because I think , really matters .
I really learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a house , a traditional American American American African-American and in the system , and she was a family .
My parents actually were slaves .
She 's hard , but she 's also in the same way .
When I was a child , every time I looked at her she would come to her side and hug me in my mind .
My grandparents were hugged to the extent I was breathing , and then she left me .
A or two hours later , if I met her she went and said , " Bryan Buddhas , you feel like she hugging her ? "
And if I said , " monkey , she 'll be going to be a disclusive , " and if I say , " I 'm going to say , " I 'll let me .
She 's a character that you 're going to always be close .
My mother was a youngest in my house .
I 'm going to come and stay in her side , but it 's hard to have her care about me .
And I remember , at the time I was about eight , nine years old , I woke up , I woke up , and I saw all my cousins around the room .
At the beginning , we 're playing a game .
And I 'll never forget .
I 'll never forget her .
I said , " My instrument was . "
" The first thing she wanted to make me promised to love my mother . "
" The second thing that she wanted to make the promise is always going to be true , not to be difficult . "
I said , " No , no , no , no . Two people will drink a beer drop of beer . "
I said , " No , I don 't feel like that . Two people get drank , keep going on . "
I shouldn 't say .
Not me because I think I do that , is moral ; I want to talk about the power of human .
We can make them start to make their jobs that they don 't think they do .
My grandfather was in prison for a banned and sold for wine .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
America now has the highest prison sentence in the world .
And there are seven million people who are being executed or temporaryized .
Three black men at the age of 18 to 30 , a man in prison , being executed or tempated .
Our legal system is not just shaped by the way , not only the General , because of the racism that is separated by poverty .
Even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
The fear and anger and politics has been to believe that this isn 't and the problem that we have to worry about .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a pretty quiet silence .
A lot of my clients were still very small .
We have a prison sentence that 's not particularly densified for children .
We 're actually doing babies for children .
And it 's the only country on the world .
I 'm going to tell you the representatives of prisoners .
But there 's still different ways of thinking about where we 're in our way .
The other way of thinking about this is not whether people have a crime or not whether we have their rights ?
It 's hard to imagine .
But somehow we 're separated from this .
But for African African African-American in this country is a terrible time .
They 're afraid they 're bombing .
We don 't stop conflict .
We 've been hard to talk about race , which is because we don 't get ready to admit the physical and reconciliation .
I had some speech on the German project .
And it was amazing because of my presentation , there was a schedist standing up and said , " Actually , I 'm very uncomfortable when I 'm hearing what he 's talking about . "
" In Germany , there 's no video .
You 'll feel like if you live in a German world where the film has been performed , the most memorized , especially when it 's Jewish .
I can 't ignore .
In our country , at the old age of South African-old , who still have a projection that you have a high-speed project , 11 times 11 times , if the victim is white , breasts are black and 22 times as a
And so , there 's a stopping .
Poor technology , like creative .
Yes . We have the physics , we 're dedicating intellectual .
They come from ideas and ideas that are communicated by heart .
Vacavílav , a great great leader of the check , talked about this .
It 's just about things .
I had a time and heard them later , and she said after a few hours , she went back to the movie , and she said , " Well , let me listen to the publication of the legal preconcending .
So I started talking about the cover .
When I said my best , she looked at me and said , " Well , OK , OK , OK . "
I really think that TED community needs to be brave .
We need to find ways to confront challenges , problems and so that inequality increases .
Because in the same time , we depend on each individual planet .
I believe that 's true to everyone on this planet .
I think if someone lies , they 're not just a lie .
And so , humans have the basic cost of copyright protection .
I also believe that many places in this country , and of course , is a lot of places around the world , the paradox of poverty is not rich .
And finally , I believe that although it 's really great , very exciting , very exciting and very stimulus , but we 're finally not going to be judging by technology we 're doing because of our design and the ideal .
Because that 's our consequences that we start to have insight about who we are .
Poet , when I lost weight , I 'll end up with this story .
Sometimes I 'm too hard .
And I did the representatives that were heavy .
I went into prison , that was the young child , 14 , 14 years old , and he was allowed to stand before a big person .
Why is a building you become a person that you 're capital ?
Next morning I woke up and thought , I had dreamed about a crazy proposition or I really wrote it ?
I think this is going to be difficult .
And whisked in my ears .
It has something profound to be in the way of the human being , about the ability to contribute to the community , for the hopeful thinking of hope .
And when I walked into , judges saw me .
He always looked at the window , and he could hear all the screaming .
He jumped up to the guards .
Thank you very much .
So you 've heard and saw the desire of the audience , the TED community of TED to help him on your way and do something for this .
For example , if you live in California , this spring , this spring will have a proposal here , we 're trying to re-processing money into the punishment .
For example , in Cali Cali , we 're going to spend a million dollars for punctuation in five years . Yes , a million dollars .
56 percent of the rapex attacks are not treated .
The ratio was arrested in the United States was actually not really violent .
And so we have three wars fighting for ourselves , because we 're subsidized , because stealing bicycle or stealing their comfort rate instead of forced them to pay what they take their own humanity .
I believe that we need to do more than to help people who are being made by crime , not less than less .
Bryan , he really did the right thing to do .
And because the idea could be explained in a minute . I 'll tell you three stories before to fill it in the rest of the time .
He came here in 1835 as you know quite clearly .
So what happens here ?
The second story , still is to address a different notion of what 's called the hip-hoppace .
I went there in 1971 , researching in West Africa .
I went there because I was growing up in Europe and wanted to be able to do that later , this will be done in Africa .
Even though I could get peace with life .
This is my first sunglass .
This discovery is surrounded by the palm of the palm you can see , some of the mangroves .
There are a little one that 's about 20 feet of a pilot with a particular one called the Smartask of a black machine .
The production of the tandem fishing license , which is helping the number of individuals and they really have quite a pretty much more likely to get them to get paid their income in Ghana .
They reach their age-level growth at five centimeter .
So there 's no change , but everything has changed .
In the ' 70s -- well , it 's not , since the ' 60s -- Europe , it 's done a lot of development projects .
And this boat here , pretty bad , called Mutia 4 , four .
What we 've been arrested , we don 't find words for it .
The main thing is that the bottom of the sea is pulled up the boat then thrown back in the back of the back .
These pictures are actually very imagining because this transition is very quickly .
Within a year , you did a survey after that , the commercial fishing industry started .
These species like this , they don 't get consumed , they 're thrown away because they 're dead .
We transform the world , but we don 't remember this .
If you generalize this , something like this will happen .
We have some good things from the table here , the number of biologically , the number of whales who are the size of the country 's forests , providing water supply .
Each generation will use images that they have from the first of the first time of life as a standard and will be going to happen .
And that , with bigger level , what we want to do today .
You just lose your rare animals .
They become more scarce because we 're arrested .
And they don 't know before it 's different .
In fact , many people , scientists will argue that it 's really different .
For example , the story that some people told the Captain of the Captain of that , seeing a lot of fish in this region that cannot eat or not often be used by scientists , because it doesn 't make sense of how it
Because the sea areas are told that we 're actually re-lived .
I think that 's the arts and films probably able to compensate , and simulate the simulation .
You 'll be able to notice color and sound like " Avatar . "
If you think about " Avata " if you think about how it 's wired to people -- don 't pay attention to Pahontasons do what -- why it 's been wired by iconic symbolic to the icon .
Thank you very much .
Do you know how many choices are you going to do in a day ?
Recently , I 've been able to see more than 2,000 Americans , and the average American ratings that the classic Index has been about 70 times a day .
There was a survey that we had been completed with CEOs that we had been CEOs for a week .
And scientists have led all these different tasks that the CEOs and they spend a lot of time to do the decisions that are going to do with those tasks .
Of course , every mission is made a lot of small choices .
Now , think about your own options .
If no , when I ask , and if you pay , you 're happy to play your hand .
This is their clothes .
We opened a little bit of a little kidding , and we 've got a little shuttle back in the store .
Many people stopped , about 60 percent when we gave 24-group , and when only six , there were only 40 percent .
The next thing , we realized in case people like buying a bottle of wine .
Now we see the contrast .
In the people stop when we put 24-performing 24 percent , they buy a bottle of wine .
And in the number of people stopped when only six extracons , suddenly when we saw 30 percent of them buying a bottle of wine .
Now , try to do a little bit of a six-fold math , and the number of people want to buy a bottle of bottle when they see six kinds of things .
Now today 's going to continue : Treating finance .
And what we see is that the resources available resources are available in retirement savings planes have influencing the ability to save more tomorrow .
So if you look at the strategies that fund you 've funded you two billion dollars a billion dollars in between 70s , not as we 're starting .
Now not the silk of silk is the choices that anyone in us also advice when you look at financial institutions .
So what I want to suggest today is that four simple techniques that we 've tested by many ways in many ways you can apply easy in your business .
People always feel awkward when I said , " cut down . "
When Proctor & amp ; Gamble down from 26 Zero , Shoulder down 15,000 , they see the sales increase in 10 percent .
When the Golden Catten Catts spent 10 products for the kitchen , they found the rise of the revenge in eight7 percent of the payments of the paycheck and cut down the cost .
You know , the average store stores today are giving you 45,000 products .
People often say , " I don 't know how to cut it . "
This is the description of the human .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So I did with my lesson of Shlom Benartzi and Alessandrol , and Previous , we did a lesson with people in ING , and now , and this people in a phase of a 40-year
And during this stage we kept the last stage , but just a little bit more .
We can solve more kinds of molecules , we solve choices .
It shows that the World Banks that the World Banks on the northeast of the New York City , everywhere 331 different kinds of magazines .
Now , these are two different types of pages .
If you think the inside is Swing and on the right side is Jazzling to get your hand .
Well , there are some people .
And if you think on the left is Jazzling and on the right side , you 're inviting your hand .
Okay , so much more than one .
This is a very useful framework .
We have to get to increase complexity .
You have more than 60 different decisions , to finish your own seat .
The squid , on the outside I have 5600 choices .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the customer that these decisions exist .
If you click the button , " Give each decision that you 're getting too much choices , that means you lose me .
With the same sources , the same amount of choices .
The only thing I 've done is that I 've changed the restaurant that information is shown in .
If I started with you easy , I learned how to choose .
It also gives me a great excitement of this big product that I 'm engaged with it , so I 'm very excited and busy .
Let me zoom in .
I 'm going to focus on some of the numbers that I hope you 've heard about .
That 's just the balloons .
For 10 times , there are three times .
By the way , that 's a balloon that 's a 10 times a full-building ball .
It 's not okay , right ?
But , but , you know ?
And it 's only 257 .
You think the number of bubbles for a heart surgeon , a nurse or a nurse or a surgeon , a woman , how many doctors are ?
I 'm a great student obsessed with perfection .
I learned in my little watches at my little hospital at the National Parkinson 's disease , not very far away .
I learned in the first box where the operation started and worked with a packaged , branches of the artery that had separated from the artery , complex diseases , even rare and so on .
And for the process , I collected more knowledge .
And my missionary school worker who asked heart to explore the heart , is to explore the emergency room .
And I met Drucker , she was very hard .
This condition happened when heart is not normal , and instead of blood pressure , a little blood vessel blood flow , and then blood flows full of lung , and so the patient is hard to breathe .
And that was the first mistake I had ; I gave her the library .
I showed her the library without the director .
Maybe I 'm going to be true .
In fact , I lack myself to wonder where I 'm asking my nurse who 's taking care of Dr. Ducker , " Do you think she 's okay ? "
And the nurse thought at once and said , " Well , I think she 's okay . "
So I signed up the library , and the ambulance , the doctor gave her home .
I went through the emergency room on the road .
Three letters were : Remember ?
She goes back and she 's dead .
Happy now after a woman , after my grandparents for her home , she fell on a stroke and her family calls her emergency and people bring her back to emergency room and apply her to the murmons are 50 , in serious shock .
And the patient 's staff use all the way .
They put her in the breath .
And I was shocked and trending my bones to the bones .
And I 'm like sitting on the accelerator , because after she 's in the stability , she 's put in the special care , and I hope to be able to recover .
You know , the humble shame , when you let it reminds a secret that you 're most likely to swear your body , and then you 're never blown and you 're all the most horrible friends and two people have a
This kind of embarrassment is a man .
And I 'm asking myself to wonder .
Why don 't I ask the doctor ? Why for the patient ?
Two years later I was the primary doctor in a hospital in northern Toronto , and I discovered a 25-year-old old-old old-old gels .
I 'm busy , I 'm getting caught .
He just put it in .
I looked at him , it 's a pink .
And two days later I went to the next emergency , and that was the moment in my own favorite talk to me in her room .
" Do you remember the patient ? "
You have to inject antibiotics and recover the same days later .
But every time , they were shoes , and they were all my eyes , and I was watching me .
It 's the system that we have .
For about 20 years I wrote and I wrote about medical journeys , I 've been working on the profile and wrong in medicine to learn everything that can be , from one of the first cases I wrote to the Pictor Star T
And what I learned is that there is no flawed everywhere .
We work in a system that 's wrong , and over 10 pounds , there 's a single dose , or a misuse or misuse statue or misuse , in that bacteria begin to get from hospitals , more and more lead to destruction
In both cases , these are low expectations , because we 've never been able to get this problem , but we 're not supposed to be able to look like that .
The lack of sleep is ubiquitous .
We have the stereotypes that we have based on the experience , for example , I can accept that a patient 's patient has a perfect patient .
For those things , wrong is that any antibodies .
So , if you process the system , as I 'm taught , and eliminating all the wrong staff of the wrong , it 's not going to be .
And you know what people don 't want to talk about their worst cases ?
They want to tell their story . They want to share their story .
The doctor , according to the conceptual , is human being in meat , self-doggus , who knows that she 's just a human , accepting , no matter what it 's wrong , but try to learn something from that
She was very supporting when others talked about their mistakes .
And you just get the wrong thing , not the other , " Absolutely , " which is a support , to be better .
Anyone of you can be famous on the Internet to 7 weeks .
But there are more than 48 hours of video that 's uploaded to YouTube every minute .
So how does this happen ?
Oh my God . Oh my God .
Oh my God !
Wooo !
Ohhh , wwwww !
Whereas this video was posted in January .
Well , the reason is that Jimmy Kimmel .
Number six , sixth . Rather than the city , 30 people are waiting for the last week , the last week , Friday . The next six . The next sixth of the city , you don 't think we 're going to think
It 's almost 200 million views .
This is the description of that .
Well , Tosh , Toshios , and many online diarys started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson : Nelson Words are a very first of the first people who posted a joke on this video of Twitter online social media .
The result is now more than 10,000 version mimicking " Friday " on YouTube .
It 's just like this .
Somebody created a old version .
Because now we don 't just enjoy it , we 're participating .
Ohhh .
What does this mean ?
And these things are not the characteristics of media before , as almost as much as it 's not true to media today , but they decide how to entertainment .
And my new company was trying to enter into the environment by paying attention .
... attention to the community .
Excuse . Wait a minute .
Okay .
Oh , I 'm all now ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
My story starts here , in Rajasthan about two years ago .
We talked about it was nothing that was changed since there was a ancient India , Mahabharata .
Today , we do that with drill and machines .
So the conclusion we 've learned is that magic has been replaced with machines .
They prevent inspiration .
I 've shown the book from 16 years old .
The story is becoming increasingly more visually .
And in fact , I turned into a book in the book .
The idea that the fireflies in the glass of glasses , no matter why , is very exciting to me .
Another idea that I 'm also a big idea that I 'm also a huge expanding expansion that can be collected on a single tragic tragic .
We all heard about the first of the girls , we all heard about women , but who don 't have no in India , but who knows about India , the Apese ?
So , in the way back to this childhood , you have to go out , and , in a program , a flower and check it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a shell and notes .
And what happens is that you 'll create a digital collection that you can display online .
In the ability to connect the magic , the Earth and technology , there are many other possibilities .
Next , if you can turn this report on .
The answer is , if I paint it on a normal curve , maybe five years ago , this is a kind of time , and this is a measurement of technology I 'm trying to do , the graph is looking very silly .
Now if I 'm drawing graphics , other technologies , maybe technology , can be a supply of logical , which looks very , very , very , very , very , like a straight line .
And there 's no money in history development of technological growth by changing a few years of resilience .
That 's what could happen .
Now , I 'm optimistic , so I think it can go in this way .
If that 's true , it means we 're in between the transition of communication .
And so , what I 'm asking , what I 'm still asking myself , is the new state that the world is alive ?
What 's the new state that the world 's going to be ?
Because this transcending process is very difficult to know when we 're in the middle of that process .
It 's far away from the way we 're going to go .
And we know that it doesn 't mean that when thinking about 30 , 50 years later , because it 's all going to be very different , very simple , very simple , but we 're actually going to do what we do today 's
And so I think this picture has its meaning if people look at it with a few billion years .
But today the oil droplets are not really exist , as we talk about now , because they 're all randomly in the randomness of chemicals .
It 's just a form of the basic chemistry of life , but everything is more interesting when the droves are made .
In fact , all creatures are being archived to be able to store its genome with self-organized systems and code completely .
I don 't know if you know , but bacteria can actually communicate DNA .
This media has allowed the bacteria to form that can formulate that including the bacteria that are linked to the same .
And so they survived or die , which means , if a community developer , all of them together in that community is producing more individuals and more and they evolved into the positive direction .
And so , the next process of life is about a billion years of life .
And at that moment , we have the multiplying on the cell , the colony has a lot of different types of cells , working together as a single body .
The skin of people will not have any more than lack of heart cells , cells , brain cells and so many other cells .
The next process is that in these objects .
These cells , again , starting to extract information .
And that 's the brain and the nervous system of those populations .
And they bring the benefits in evolution .
So a fish can live , for example , learn not eating a result because it has a tasty , because it 's not tasty and it 's hard to eat it .
The nervous system , it 's actually a very specific structure of that particular structure , which is very quickly pushed the evolution .
Because evolution can happen in a single individual .
For example , the most complex version we know is human language .
I 'm sitting here talking about the natural voices , hoping for everyone who 's messy and ambiguity and sometimes thinking a little bit like my thinking .
This allows us to survive as a living organism .
Tortality , computer , video , CD and other things are experts that are experts that we create in society to work with information .
And they all connect us to a larger community , and there 's more likely to evolve further than we 're before .
This process itself , and I think , self-confident , is from appropriate -- when a process of accelerating its speed .
And I think that 's what we 're seeing here , in this crisis of the curve .
Now I design computers to make money , and I know that the device that I use devices to design computers can 't use if there 's no technology in computers .
So now , what I do is design with complexity , as a complex level of complexity if design them follow the traditional .
I don 't know the recipe of all the players that sells in the wired platform .
Instead , what I do is do as something that designers are doing in TD Detects , and think about how we think about extracting that tissue extract and then extracting that into the machine and we use that more extracting and more efficient
And in fact , sometimes they do it by the methods we don 't even understand .
A very interesting approach that I 'm still using a lot of evolutionary self-interest .
Or say , " What if you can make hundreds of millions of random sentences .
In other words , I identified something I want .
And let 's copy it with the same process of regenerative reproduction . "
Take two programs and they create their own product by exchanging their subways , and their product is determined by two rules .
Maybe a few changes .
So the process , I 'll have perfect programmable for the number of numbers .
In fact , they 're a better programmer than I can write my hands .
They are very strange programs and odd .
It says , " Is this hundred thousand details that work with you have a safe flight . " It doesn 't make you feel confident ? "
And it allows us to produce more complex products than the average design of the normal building .
Because all of these technologies are self-lived themselves .
But I think there 's something that 's being chasing us .
And I think that all of us here is part of the next generation of generations -- that 's what it is .
This program is called the U.S. 21st.5 , which is quite like Peace Corps for the computer .
We 've chosen some of the students every year , they 're going to work with the city rights .
And there , they 'll write great apples , working with staff .
How can it find help in a situation that 's not two like this ?
They 're there in February of the snow .
They noticed that the city never remove the water for the burning water .
But a member of the member of Michael Michael Skberber , attention to another , which is the people who are still losing their own .
Every time you do that , you have to put it , and he puts the first name of the first .
This is a small application .
Perhaps the smallest one of the 21st-touchers and members write last year .
But it did something that didn 't do it .
One guy in the industrial office of Honoluan knows that it comes to this apprentice and realized that he could use it , not for the snow , but to the people who deconstitated the scene .
The lights are very important , but there are people who are going to steal their energy from them .
Chicago applications for software to allow people to sign up the sidewalks when there 's snow .
There are nine cities now planning to use this application .
Last year , we had a team of three people working in a last couple of months in Boston .
The project that help parents find the right environment with their children .
There 's a person who says that normal , to build a software that would have to lose less than two years and spend about two million dollars .
But the numbers are not .
There 's a project in the California system that spent two billion dollars tax dollars , but still don 't work .
That means that control , always opens and reproduction and reproduction .
It 's a fun news , because we 're going to have more than the dynamics of the power of electronics .
They haven 't gone out .
Now there are many people who lose their own faith in government .
Like many , I think that the basic government is just to move people to vote .
After two years , I learned special about local government , about the interfumines , about the millenniumglumines .
He knocks " Openness " into the main archives .
This is the result of the remarkable people in the Cultural office in Boston .
But what happens to Citizens Conference .
Happy tastes , smart , opaque glam . "
Pretty simple .
This is interesting . This is the next technology that 's accessible to life .
When this person helped the other , our community became stronger .
If you call the incentivating center , that will cost more money .
Most people understand that , but they think that this is the first one .
Let 's see , how many times we vote a political leader -- and we often spend more energy going to go to find a political leadership -- and then we sit back and hopefully the government will reflect our needs and satisfying needs to be changing .
But the contemptive contrary of that has helped us see what we have and pay for the price to our anti-literacy , and then it 's degraded ourselves .
Some people think that politics is very intriguing .
Because that 's where the real jobs are occurring .
That 's what Ocuppy Environment did .
Have you ever seen these people ?
It 's not political , but the bureaucracy .
We 'll get things that we need to do without concussion , which is not for us ?
This is how to use my voice to fight for the privilege .
Their war is not like we 're not going to be a voice ; they all have to do that .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can process the water for the safeguard , and many people have done that .
But the applications like the technology reminder that we 're not just consumer consumers , and we 're not just the government of government , taxpay and the service .
More than that , we are citizens .
And we cannot stabilize the government until we do good job services .
I have a question for all of you here : When there are important things that need to share our hands , we 're a crowd-sour-sourcing , or we 're going to be a group of hands ?
And I really think that the most important thing is that we don 't listen to patients .
One of the things that we 've done in university is Radboud , which is a listener to a listener .
And we think this is one of the main problems that all of the -- maybe not -- but most of the electronics projects fail , since we don 't listen to .
It has a button in between the order to turn the air .
But one other thing is .
But that 's the best thing that can happen because this is called the equal pressure , the equal force that has helped patients -- since it 's used to be used to obesity , it can also use the patients .
To make the easy technologies and start with them to make sense of sensitive patients in groups .
Another thing is that we know where all the gas stations are .
But where is there the most recent AED , could we help this patient ?
And today we 're going to introduce this device that this is not just AED4U that this product called , but AED4US .
Because , maybe this is a photographer that you can 't bring in camera .
It 's intertwined with my passion , but there 's a little bit different , because using a camera , processed it .
These pictures like this : building blocks along the crowded pathway .
But it has a turning pointless .
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes the scene of the landscape is kind of hallucinating .
It 's not really what it 's true , it 's what we think it 's true .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I see that the images are also shared a process .
It 's really just a good job that combine different reality .
But together , they can create something like this .
So the first principle is that the combination of images should have a foreign background .
Second , combine images that should have a light of light .
And these two pictures are all satisfied with two conditions -- it 's taken at a high degree and at the same time .
So by the way that color is color , reflecting and light in the boundaries between different images , adding the disability of the wingsuit , desalination and dust , we 're debridges between the other image and making it as
But this picture is completely created by the images from different areas .
I think it 's easier to even make context more than finding context , because then you don 't have to organize your ideas in the head .
And there was this idea for the winter , I knew I had to lose a few months to prepare , to find different locations for the parts of the picture .
For example , fish are arrested in the sentence .
There 's always a beginning with a sketch , a idea .
Everything is right here , and the only thing we 're the limitations of our limitations is the imagination .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gray Gray .
And just for a few years , the LEGEB bricks had in every house .
LEz has taken the concrete bricks , building blocks , building the world , and it makes it into the bricks .
Transistors are a plastic structure that will take us from the world 's world 's population of rubbing into the world where everything is interacting with each other .
It 's like a concrete bricks , transistor for you to build big circuits and more complex , each bricks .
My personal not accepting this , that the panels have been making modern-century modern , so I decided to change it .
Let me show you how they work .
Little Little is electromagnetic structures with different functions .
You 're wired to the green , you can make the artery .
Rather than the tipping of the form , like this , and now you have a flashbulb on the flashlight .
Text adding this electrical bell and now you 've created a computer .
We gave us a little bit of small kids and see them playing with a few few feet tall .
And that 's a wonderful experience .
We also bring up a little bit of design schools .
So for example , we have designers that are not really not aware of what electronic video starts playing with a creative tool like creative tools .
And here you see , with a hoodie , paper and the bottle , George Viedieve made ...
A few weeks ago we gave up to RittyBits to RISDS and gave them some designers without having a little experience with the cover , wood and paper -- and told them , " Please do something . "
If governments discover the facts that bring the right minds of their own , they can actually get to be the subject of these optimism .
But today , at this moment , in this moment 2011 if you buy a laser printer from any printer called any old machine called " and if you print a paper paper that 's going to have a papercut sign that 's going to be shown
This is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , our citizens .
And the motivation of this network is very simple and easy .
They use online activities to make realizing , lots of money .
Some of the examples of the rich and rich , from the world 's lives of money from the online activity .
Alfred Gonzalz .
Bjorn Sundin .
Jain is now hiding ; and nobody knows where he 's in the middle .
And I 'm claiming that today 's risk that we become victims of the lives of the lives of the lives in this real world .
And a really clear truth is that these are becoming increasingly worse .
In the future , the majority of the solutions will happen in the world .
The groups like Anonymous has been up in December and became a critical force in this revolution .
So we have three main groups : criminals with a criminal justice of all these hackers like Anonymouses to resist the resistance and finally our government , government is attacking us .
There are many cases like what happened in Digotarot .
They had to submit a year to produce last year because their network was destroyed .
In a week , in a meeting with the Dutch government , I had a question for a question that he saw was that he had to die because Digoti 's attacked .
Digiot is a real-got-got-potective company .
In fact , you need a real evidence that if you have a website using knowledge that usesttics service with SSL , which is the service of the PCL , which is the service that Gmail is using .
We all , or at least , we 're using Gmail or another email that we 're using different emails , and these services are universal in national professionals , where the researchers are available to Iran , where the officials will use services
And it creates evidence for just a risk .
And that 's exactly what happened to Digi-Notar .
In this document is the notes from a company that has been selling in Germany for the Egyptian government , many high-tech equipment , to hear on a large scale and exchanging the people .
This is the main basis of that company .
But the Western government does it right now in its own country .
For example , in Germany , a few weeks ago , people discovered the Scotan Scanjanjan Scanjan , is a kind of German official binders who use their citizens .
They listened to your Internet .
They even use tools like Tajanghai to infect your computer , and from that they can get all information , there are all the conversation that you 're going to be able to get all the conversation through your network , and there 's
So why am I worrying ?
But this argument is not rational .
Power is not going to argue .
This is a problem between freedom and control .
And can we have the idea , blindly blindly in any future , government , a government that we can have in 50 years ?
