This story hasn 't yet .
Let me tell you some of the pieces of the pieces .
Imagine a man : Imagine a man 's first man .
Imagine , imagine a community , he 's really really , he 's really excited that he 's really designed .
For the last year , he 's been going through the end of his own career , he 's going through the month .
She never forget me to forget him .
My life wasn 't the last time to realize that my life is , but I 've been trying to get out of our life , and we 've been trying to get out of our life .
My mother , when my mother , the new family , the marriage , the marriage , the marriage , the marriage , the marriage , had two girls had two girls had two girls had lost .
So after a year , a beach , a beach , a beach , a beach , a beachist , a sign of the beach .
If we started , we started , and then we 're going to be married , and then I 'm going to be .
We 're in the middle of the neighborhood , we 're in the population of the population of the population of the population .
One year , because the nurse has to be a long time , five years .
I 'm going to go back and say , " I 'm going to be a voice , " I 'm going to go through the voice . "
My mom opened the door and opened a business and open-source business .
We search funding and aid .
The center is focused on .
In the world , I 'm in the world , because she 's suffering , and the other people are suffering , and the damage .
And so I was because I was born , the last year , I was born of the law of the law .
I don 't know about wine .
I cannot tell my mom .
My mother was my mother was my mother , when I was my mother was 14 years old .
And I realized that I realized that , is a gift , that we can be a gift from a new gift , and not only be a gift , but it 's a gift , and a gift , and a gift .
So I 'm going to follow my own .
I was a small team of a small team that we were not going to be done with a small team .
And I did a day , I 'm a huge amount of a huge amount of great day .
There 's a trip behind .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
Life is life in the centuries .
In 17 years old , 17 years old , her wife became aunting .
I 'm in a room in the hotel room , in the hotel room , in the hotel room .
And half of the night and half of the night we had to be in the night and we had to be .
My mother told us .
My mother asked me , " Why do I ask the house ? "
Now I want to have the boat , and I want to have the boat .
I don 't know .
And the mother , the fourth day of the next year , or the next year .
It 's a great honor for me and I 'm standing here .
I had to have to have to have to be prison in prison , and in prisoners , and in prisoners .
I also lived in a long time where people have lived in the community and the long time .
And then I 'm going to go back and I 've heard this to the next day I 've heard of the next day .
And I think this is really important because I think about this is really important .
And this is actually what I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional American traditional American traditional American family and family and family and family .
Three of the mother was born .
She 's a snap , but she 's got a good .
When I look at her , I would look at her and look at her .
And then I went to the breath of her , and then I went to my breath .
And then two hours later , if she 's going to be a second , and she 's still going to be going to be , " What would you feel like ? "
" I said , if I said , " and if I said , " I 'm going to say , " I 'm going to be a attack , " I 'm going to say , " I 'm going to be a attack .
She 's always a way you want to be in the way .
My mother was the house , in my house .
And she was hard to me , but she was hard to be honest to be honest , and I was hard to care .
And I remember that , I remember eight years old , and I remember , and I remember what I saw , and I saw , and I saw a bathroom , and I saw them around .
And I was playing , we were playing a game .
And I 'm never forget about .
I never forget you .
I said , " I 'm okay . "
" The first child is always the child to love . "
" The second thing is that you want to do is that you want to do is to do is to do . "
I said , " No , no , no one person , no drink , no drink . "
I said , " No , " No , I 'm not going to continue to continue to go on the right . "
I shouldn 't say , it 't happen .
I don 't say I 'm going to say , because I want to say , " No , I want to be the moral skill of the moral humanitarian moral humanitarian .
We can do that they do that they do not do .
He sold in prison , and I sold a prison .
In 197,000 , 300,000 people have had been killed .
The best of the United States has the United States in the United States .
Three million people are being driven or seven million .
The three people who are in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the prison , or the prison is being killed in the middle of the middle of the prison .
Our laws are not only by the laws of the laws of the laws of the laws , but we 're not only have to be treated by the way that we 're not only the difference .
And so , we see this is very comfortable .
And the fear that we 've had to worry and fear that we 're not fear and fear .
But this makes me care .
And there 's a very clear .
Many of my little different ones are still very small .
We have a special project for children .
We 're also working on the fact that kids are doing .
The only thing is that the world 's the world .
I made the prisoners of prisoners .
But there 's another way we think about how we 're thinking about how we 're thinking about ourselves .
How do this is that people think about whether whether we have to kill whether they 're not whether they 're killing ?
It 's really hard to imagine .
But then we 're going to stop this problem .
But this woman is a terrible person in America .
They 're worried about the bombs .
We don 't stopping .
And I 've been very hard to talk about the problem because we 're not sure that 're willing to believe that 're willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to
I have some of theories in Germany .
In fact , I 'm really curious to the audience , because I 'm going to hear what he 'm talking about is a very difficult topic is that I 'm talking about .
There 's no one project .
You 'll feel like a world where the most people live in the world , if you see that 's the world 's the most people 's the world .
I couldn 't do it .
In the country , we know , the white people who are the white bombed in the white people who are the skin , if you 're still killed with the white deaths , the white people who are the white deaths , the white deaths , the
And so , there 's no way .
So creativity , creativity love .
Yeah . We have the intellectual property .
They 're discovering by the heart of the heart of the heart of heart .
The Great Wall Street , a great leader , the great leader of the great leader .
The things are going to be .
Now I heard a couple of times later , and I heard a few times later , and listen to the voice of the voice : " Let 's listen to the word , listen to the word , listen to the word . "
So I started talking to say , "
When I look at my breath , and she said , " When I look at my friends , "
I really need to give you TED community .
We need to find the challenges to find the challenges , and the challenges that we need .
Because all of us , all of our personal planet is dependent on this planet .
I believe this on Earth .
I say if they 're not a person , they 're not a lie .
And because we have to protect the law of the law and the law that we have to protect the law .
I believe that many countries in the world , and the rich country , of course , is not the richness of course , of course , of course , of course , of course , of course , is not the rich .
And I believe that this is really interesting , and I believe that , although we 're not going to be very excited , but we 're going to be very excited , very excited by the technology , very interesting , very exciting , very exciting .
Because that 's what we 're starting to look at ourselves about ourselves .
And when I finish this story , I 'm going to finish by accidentally .
Sometimes I try to try to try to be too .
And I 've been working for kids who 've been doing a very heavy project .
I met my child , and I was a young man who was in prison , and he was a 14 years ago .
How can you make a building a building ?
And after the next day , I thought about a dream , and I was really crazy dreamed it ?
I think this is difficult to be difficult .
And then I got in the ears .
It 's a very profound relationship with each generation of the human beings , and I hope for the hope for the human beings .
And when I look at the point , I saw my vision .
He 's always looking at the window , and he can listen to the window .
He 's jumped up to the jump .
Thank you very much .
So you 've heard your audience , and you 've heard your community , and you 've heard what you 've heard about this .
For example , if you 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a season , in the season .
We 'll give a million dollars a million dollars in the U.S. , a million dollars .
The business is not the business project .
The United States is not a force in America , not violence .
For three hours , we have three people who are willing to pay their own assets , because they 're going to be paid their own property and they 're going to be paid their own accounting their own accountability .
I believe that we need to do more people to make a victim because of the victims are not people who are doing less .
The truth , he 's really correctly , who 's right here .
And I 'm going to explain that story because you can tell you three minutes ago . I 'm going to tell you a story .
He 's been pretty clear in 18333333 .
So what 's happening here ?
The second story is the second thing to call the second story of the second , which is called the second , which is the second .
I went to Africa , in Africa , in Africa .
I 'm going to come to be in Africa , because there 's a European Union and I 'd like to do this .
Even though I could have lived in that life .
This is my first one .
And you can see a tree around the tree , because you can see a few trees .
There 's a bit of dolphins called the dolphins that 's a fish called the dolphins .
The average fish began to investments that they 're actually starting to be able to be able to be more than they 're getting better than they 're doing more than they 're doing it .
They 're five years old , five-year-old level .
So , there 's nothing changed , but everything else .
70 years , in the 1930s -- in the 2000 -- in the last few years -- in the last few years -- in the project -- in the last few years .
And this is a pretty bad , this is a bad example , called the Wia .
What we 're going to be explained from the word that we 're not going to .
What 's the bottom of the bottom of the sea ice shelfrofire is the sea ice shelf .
These are really too fast because this idea of the motion that are moving .
In a year , you start to do a commercial fishing-paced , and then start to start a personalized .
These are not being pollinated because they 're not being suspended as they 're being suspended .
We don 't remember this , but we change this .
If you look like this , this is what happens .
We have some of the health from the health of the country , the country , the size of the country , the size of the size of the country , the size of the country .
Each time , each other 's going to use of the cognitive effects that they 're going to be used from the first generation of the life .
And that , that 's what we want to do today , is larger than we want to do today .
You 're just a rare animals .
We should be more rare more than we 're getting more .
They don 't know because they 're not different .
In fact , many people , scientists will be very different scientists and it 's really very different .
For example , for example , the people who are not aware of the scientific individuals who are not aware of the scientific individuals who are able to see whether it 's been used to see whether it 's been used to be able to be able to
So the past few sea-called is actually the seafundane-pounding .
I think that art can be the art and art , perhaps , and perhaps the art .
You 'll see the sound like " and the sound like " and the song . "
If you think about how you think about how the story -- you don 't think about how to do it -- if you think about how to do it 's going to do it -- and you think about how to do it 's going to
Thank you very much .
How many of you know how many choices in the day ?
I 've been looking at the United States , and I 've chosen to look at the same time , and the American people who ' 70 times more than 70 times more than 70 times .
There 's a CEO of CEO that we 've been completed with a week .
And scientists have been working on the other hand , and they 've been working on the time to join them to join them .
Of course , every choice has been chosen to picks .
Now , you think about choices .
If you don 't ask , if you ask , I 'm happy , and you 're happy , you 're happy .
This is the next door of their neighbors .
We tried to open a little door store on the door .
And when we stop , when we stop six percent of the people , we 've got six percent of the same .
In the next case we realized , we realized how people like to buy a bottle .
Now we see now .
Within 24 percent of them , we bought a number of people in a row , they buy a number of them .
Anybody stop when we stop eating 30 percent of them , we see that number of them in the number of them .
Now , at least six times , when they want to buy six times less than six times more than six times when they want to see them .
TS : Today today today today .
And what we see is that the number of the resources we can save the energy savings savings savings savings savings savings savings savings savings savings savings .
So if you look at the way you should be able to see the financial sector , we still spend about 70 billion years of financial resources like the financial resources .
Now it 's not the choices that people who choose to choose to choose to choose to choose people who choose to choose to choose to choose people in the financial decisions .
What I want to show you the four things that you today is that you can measure in the way we 've looked at the way that you can measure in the way that you can measure in the way that you can measurements .
People always say , " I always cut down . "
When the Captopamine of the Counciliation ; they see the 10 percent of the number of the sales , they 're getting down to 10 percent of the U.S.
When they spend 10 percent of the worst of the best income distribution of the production , they spend 10 percent of the highest levels of the income and the income growth .
You know , you know , the average food for the average food for the average food .
I don 't know how to cut it 's going to cut . "
This is the human shape of human beings .
And I think you should read it .
Okay .
So we did a lesson with a little bit of Mello , and we did a job in the U.K. , and we 've done a job in the U.C.
And this is just a little bit of time ago , but we keep this little bit of this .
We can solve more choices than decisions .
It turns out that the Bernicini and even the whole bunch of different types of different places from the North Pole in the north and the north .
Now , now , the other women are different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different .
If you think of the left is the left , you have to be the left and you have to be the left .
Some people have some good people .
And if you think of the left is the left , you have to be the left and you 're going to be the left .
Okay , more than a little bit more .
This is a very useful process .
We have to increase the complexity .
You have another position of 60s , you decide to decide .
I have the outside outside outside outside outside .
So what I 'm going to do is I 'm going to change the decisions that I 'm going to change .
If you 're going to be a lot of choice , you 're going to be so much of choices , and then you 're going to be going to be so much more choices . "
With the same amount of information , the same amount of information .
What I 've changed is that I 've changed in the only one of the only one of the only one of the only change .
If I started to learn how to learn , I started to choose to choose .
It also also makes me happy to me happy to be happy to be happy for me happy and I 'm happy .
Let me tell you .
I 'm going to focus on a lot of you 'll hear that I 'm going to hear .
That 's just the number of bubbles .
And then 10 times , that 's like 10 times .
Ten times , that 's a global baseball , and again , again , the safe .
Now , this is not true ?
But you know , but you know ?
And 25,000 are just 25 .
You think of doctors think of surgery , or a doctor , a doctor , a doctor , or a doctor , is a doctor ?
I 'm a perfect biology because of biology .
I learned this little field of the hospital in the hospital , I couldn 't get a little bit of the hospital in the hospital in the hospital .
I started learning in the classroom , and I 've been working on the complex , and the complex risk of the complex risk of the complex risk of the complex , and the complex risk .
And I 'm going to show in the past decade , and more knowledge .
And when I asked my patient was asked to ask the clinic , when the patient was the patient .
And I met her , she was very hard to breathe .
This area is not a heart attack , because the blood pressure , and it 's hard to be a few blood pressure , and it 's hard to breathe , and it 's going to be a heart , and then it 's going to
And that 's the first time I was wrong ; I was wrong .
I didn 't say the hospital for the hospital for the hospital .
Maybe I could be right .
In fact , I believe , she 'm going to be able to ask her to believe , " Can you believe that she 's okay ? "
And she thought , " Well , you 're going to be a nurse , and I 'm going to think it 's okay . "
So I was a hospital , and I was a hospital , and the hospital , and the hospital .
I went through the room on the road .
Is three : Is it three words ?
She went back and she died .
And after a couple of her home , when she was a house , and she was a couple of her home , and she was a home , and she was a couple of her family , and she was a home for her family members of her family
And everybody used to save the room .
They put her on the machine .
And I was shocked to the bone and the bone .
And I sat on the top of the train , and she was sitting on the cafe , and she would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
You know , when you 're not going to be fighting when you 're going to be fighting , but you 're going to be wrong , and you 're not going to be a terrible , and you 're not going to be the
This is a cartoonist .
And I asked myself .
Why don 't I ask the physician ? Why ? Why ? Why ?
Two years later , I was a doctor in the hospital , and I was in the hospital in the hospital in the hospital in the hospital , and I was in the hospital .
And I was busy , very busy , very busy .
He just put it in the English .
I watched it a little bit of pink , and he looked at the pink pink .
And then I went to the two days later , and I 'm asking my own room with my own room .
" Do you remember the patient 's disease ? "
He had to convince the antibiotics and the antibiotics of the day .
But every time , I looked at each time , I looked at my shoes .
That 's what we have system .
In the last 20 years , I wrote a researcher of medical researcher , and I wrote a researcher , " The Mike mathematician study from the first study to write from the medical research in the medical research , and I could write from the medical
And I learned that there 's the wrong thing that there 's wrong .
We do a drug system in the hospital system , or in the hospital , and we can be able to die of the more likely to die of the more likely to die of the hospital or more likely to die , or more than 10 days , or
In fact , these two cases , these are not even though we 're going to be able to be very low-pillance , because we 're not even better than the fact that we 're not going to be able to find .
The common is very clear .
We have the experience of the experience , we can get a good chance of patients , which is a cure .
For that , that 's wrong , that 's wrong .
So if you 're not going to be able to be able to be wrong , I 'm going to be wrong , and you 're not going to be wrong , and you 're not going to be wrong .
And you know about people who want to talk about the worst people ?
They want to share their stories . They want to share their stories .
The human concept , the concept is that you can recognize the human being able to recognize the human , but it 's not just to recognize what 's wrong , it 's wrong , it 's wrong , it 's not just a human
You 're very wrong about people who are wrong .
And you just realized , " You can 't get a better way to get a better way to get better than someone else . "
Anybody have seven weeks in the Internet in the Internet , so you can go to the Internet .
But now every minute video video is uploaded every minute .
So how do you go ?
Oh God . Oh . Oh . Oh .
Oh , oh !
Woo !
Oh , yeah !
In this video when this video was taken on January .
In fact , it 's why it 's why it 's the reason .
Third , six weeks , six weeks , six weeks , six weeks , the end of the weekends , I hope that 'm going to be six weeks , six weeks , and I 'm going to be saying that we 'll be in the
200 million people with them .
This is what it 's about that graphics .
Well , blogs , and blogs , and blogging it on the website .
Michael Nelson Mandela is a quote from a story from the first website that the Web of the Web .
" Have YouTube YouTube more effective in YouTube , " YouTube . "
It 's just like this .
Somebody created a old version .
Because we 're not just going to be reward it , but we 're not just a reward .
Oh yeah .
What does this mean ?
And this is not what the media is that the way of the media , but the way of the way , the way that 's going to be the way of the future , they 're going to be able to be able to be able to
And I 'm trying to make a new way to make the environment , and I 'm trying to make a new way .
The community is coming from the community .
Good . It 's a little bit .
Okay .
Well , I 'm okay ?
Thank you very much .
The story of my story , I started here in the two years ago , and the two years ago .
We 're not changed what we 're seeing from India .
Today , we 're also doing this and we 're doing this .
We 've been able to make sure that we 've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
They 're inspired by creative creativity .
I 've been 16 years old .
The more than the more than the day is becoming more than the more .
And I 'm actually a book in fact that 's book .
I mean , the rocker , the rocks of the rocks , the rocks , I know why I 'm not going to be very interesting .
One idea that I can be a huge idea when I 'm a huge idea of a big idea of a big soul .
We all heard about the first of India , but we heard about India , who are all heard about India , who are the men , who are not heard about the men ?
So in this poem , you have to take a poem , and you have to take a kid , and you have to take a kid , and you have to take a kid , and it out of a kid .
In another photo , you have to take a photo array of a note , and it .
And what 's going to happen is that you can create a collection of digital collection of the collection that you can create .
In other hand , technology allows the ability to connect and connectivity , and connect .
So if you can go on this page , you can post-hand page .
The answer is , if I 'm saying this is a graph , this is a graph , this is a graph , this is a graph , this is a graph , and I 'm talking about a graph , this is a graph , this is
Now if I 'm going to paint , I can sell technology , it , it 's a toy , it 's a toy , like a toy , it 's a toy , it 's a toy , it 's a toy ,
And there 's no longer changed in the history of the history of the history of the history .
That 's all of the things that can happen .
Now , I 'm thinking , because I think it 'm thinking , it 's going to follow this way .
If it means that , it means that we are right now .
And so , I 'm asking me , what 'm asking is , what is , what is the world that I 'm asking me ?
What is the new world that the new world ?
Because this process is very difficult to be very difficult to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It 's going to go to the way we 're going to .
And we don 't know that we 're going to know what we 're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be grateful for 30 years later , because it 's going to
And I think , if I look at this picture , it 's a few years of the angle of the angle of the angle .
But today , the quality of oil is that we 're not all aware of the chemistry , because of the chemical quality of the chemistry .
It 's a chemical science , but it 's interesting to learn more interesting , to learn more interesting , to learn .
In fact , everything , it 's completely natural selection and the same structure of DNA sequences of DNA .
I don 't know if you can actually know , but I can actually change bacteria .
This is allowed to allow bacteria to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be bacteria ; they 're related to connect with bacteria .
And so they 're also alive , because if they 're living in the community , it 's a community , and they 're also aware of the community , and if they 're going to be able to be able to be able to
And so , because it 's interesting about a billion years of life .
And in the same time , we can do the same time , we can do the same cells , like a single organism .
The skin of the skin that if you don 't have the stem cells , and the stem cells , the stem cells are very different stem cells .
This next process is happening in the process .
These cells can start , again , a cell , start to the information .
And that 's the brain system and the brain system .
And they 're going to come to evolution in evolution .
So one example can be able to eat , because it 's not difficult to eat a fish , and it 's hard to eat it 's not difficult .
The process is , they 're really fast , so fast , so fast , it 's really quickly , so fast , so fast , so fast .
Because today , there 's a process of evolution in the right now .
For example , the most complex language of our human language .
I 'm sitting here , and I 'm sitting here in the beginning of thinking of thinking , and I think of thinking of thinking of thinking of thinking of thinking of thinking of thinking .
This allows us to start to start to survive .
In the phone , the phone , and the phone is to create a lot of information that we 're doing with the phone and the device that we 're doing .
And we all have a greater social connection and more quickly , we 're going to be able to be more successful .
This process is self-tent process , and I 'm going to be able to change it , and make it 's a self-m going to be a self-taking .
And I think that 's what we see here is that this curve in the curve , in the curve .
Now I know that I 'm designed to use computers , and I don 't know that computers , if I 't use computers , I 't use computers in computers .
So now , I 'm going to do this complex design , if we 're designing the design system .
I don 't know all the tools of the ballistics in the field .
Instead , I also think that 's what we can do , and we 're doing in the process of the process of the process of the machine that we 're doing is that we 're doing , and we 're doing that 're
And even when we do the reality , we understand the reality is really clear .
One of the ways I 'm still using a lot of evolution that I 'm still using a lot of evolution .
Or , you can tell you , " Well , thousands of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of thousands of millions of millions of people .
In other words , I want to define exactly exactly what I want to do .
And let 's regenerate them evolve by regenerate . "
Take two principles and produce two principles of their principles , and they 're going to be based on their principles of their principles .
Maybe some changes .
So , I 'm sure that I 'm going to finish up with the process of the program .
In fact , we can write more programs , we can write more programs .
They 're very ambiguous and ambiguous programs .
It says , " It 's a hundred thousand plane . " How do you feel safe ? "
And it allows us to build more complex products to build more complex products .
Because all this technology has been expanding .
But I think there 's something that we 're thinking .
And I think that we 're all thinking -- is part of our next generation -- that 's what we 're going to be part of the next generation .
This is called this program , and this program is called the Full Fullor .
We 'll choose a few years , and we 'll choose to do a decision-powered .
In that case , they 're going to do that teamwork , they 're going to work with their team .
How can you find it in this situation ?
They 're in the snow of the snow .
They don 't agree that they 're never abandoned to abandoned water .
But one of the name is a name of the name of the name of the other people , which is the name of course , is still a second , which is the name of course , which is a second .
Every time you do it , you have to do it , and he 's name it .
This is a small application .
Maybe the most smallest number of questions that are the 21 years and the most small candidates .
But it 's not a government that doesn 't do .
A guy in this room , he realized that he 's going to use the scene of the scene , and he 's not to use the street , but he 's going to use the street that he 's going to use the street .
This is important to eat from the energy , but they 're very important to eat from the people .
The software allows people to put the solar panels when it allows the sun .
Now , there 's a design planning in this city .
Last year , we have a team in a team of two and two months ago , we have a team in Boston .
The parents found the parents to find the parent of the parent .
There are two people saying that we 're going to build a couple of dollars , two dollars , two dollars to build a year and a few dollars .
But there are no numbers .
Now there are two billion dollars in the system that are still taxes in the taxi-Cola , not working on taxi-dollar taxes .
That means that , the new requirement , and the new things that are always open .
It 's a lot more , because we 're going to help us to help our technology .
They don 't quit words .
Now there are many people who have lost the government .
Like many people , I think , as many people think , people 's just like the government .
After two years , I was born with the local geography , especially of the local geography , especially of the local geography .
He said , " You 're a data on the data . "
This is the potential of the city in Boston in Boston in Boston .
But the story came back to the other side of the Constit .
" The mouse , " is worthy , "
It 's a simple .
This is really interesting . This is really exciting .
When people , we 're helping people more powerful than our community .
If the central paradox is more money , the focus on the central things called the central money .
Most people understand that , but that 's what they think that 're going to be in this is that they think that .
How many times , we hope -- and we 're going to change the political reform and we 're going to be able to be able to be able to get a political and to find a political , but we 're going to find a political
But we see what we have to do is we have to do and we have to do , and we have to do something that .
There 's a political politician to the political political political .
Because that 's where governments are actually happening .
That 's what the MOPA is what the MOPA .
Have you see these people ?
It 's not political system , but political system .
We 're going to be able to do all the mainstream we need to do ?
This is a voice to say that 's power to use their rights .
Life is not the war ; they 're not going to do it 's going to be the people who are going to do it .
They use their hands .
Sure , we can do a lot of people , and treat them .
But the technology that we don 't use the public services , and we use the public services , and not just use the government , and we 're not just use the government .
More , we are people .
And we cannot do the government when we do the government to do the government .
When I ask you have a group of the crowd : When we need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a group of our hands , or our hands , we 're going to be a group of
And I think that most important thing we don 't hear is that we 're listening .
One of the things we 're listening to the experts that we hear is a professional professional professional school .
And I think that we 're not a problem -- but we 're all concerned about all the problems that we 're not the problems that we 're not all the problems that we 're going to hear all the problems that we 're
It 's a button to turn on the button .
But something else else .
But this is what happens to call it possible to help the patients , because it 's the patients , it 's used to use it 's been used to use it 's been used to use it 's also used to use it ,
How do we use techniques and patients to use patients with patients .
Another thing is we know where all the gas station .
But where can you help do this device be used to help ?
And today we call this product today , is called the U.S.S.S.
So , this is the camera that you can 't bring the camera .
It 's a little bit about the design , but I 'm going to use a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of design .
These are the way : the street that are creating the street .
But it 's not a cheese that wants to be a little bit .
What should it be a virtual illusion ?
Sometimes the hallucinations should be a hallucination .
It 's not what we think , it 's really what we think it 's really .
Let me show you a simple example .
And I also found that there 's a picture that has a picture .
It 's actually really just different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of different kinds of connections .
But they can make this together , like this .
So that first is a picture of the principle of the context of the context .
Secondly , there 's a pair of light that have a very similar picture .
And the two pictures of the same thing -- both sides of the same thing -- and the same thing is that is a very high-powered in the same time .
So the way , the pictures of the gray dots between the gray dots , and the gray dots that we can do , and the gray areas of the gray areas of the gray areas of the gray areas of the gray areas of the gray areas of the
But this picture of pictures are made by different pictures .
I think that I 'm going to create more likely to create the context , because it 's easier to find more likely to be more likely to be more than you 's not .
And this idea that I have to find a few months of the screen , to find the screen of the screen .
For example , the fish in the fish .
And there 's a very beginning to start with a lecture , a lecture .
Everything is the only tool , and the only thing we do is we do .
Thank you .
It 's called the Gapor .
And in the last few years , there were only some of the houses in the house in the house .
The world has built the mass of the building blocks , and it 's built the building blocks of the world .
The world is a computer that we 're going to take a different cellular nanotechnology that we 're going to be able to be able to be able to interact with each other .
Just like the Mike , you 've built a large number of electronics , and you to build a large number of electronics .
I don 't realize that I 've been doing this , just a traditional expertise , and I decided to make it just change it .
Let me show you how we see how to see .
The traditional functions is different functions with different functions .
You can do green , green tea , you can make the green tea .
Instead , you have a light , and you have a light-looking pulsecut .
This is now a camera and you 've created this machine .
We gave us a little kid for the kids and we 've put them to see the village .
And that 's a great experience .
We also teach the market for the design market .
For example , we don 't know what we 's going to play with the electronics that we don 't know about the electronics like the electronics .
And you 'll see here , you see , and the same bottle of the water , and the water , and the water .
So let us give a few weeks ago -- and we gave them something that we don 't just a couple of weeks ago , and they 're doing something that 're doing something with a couple of weeks ago .
If politicians create politicians that they can make the right now , they can be the right ? "
But today , if you 've got this paper on a paper , you can print from a paper , and you can print the paper that 's a paper , if you can print the paper , you can print the paper on the paper , then
This is a example of the government that we 're using our country , our citizenship , our country .
And this is very easy to understand the revolution and understand the power of the cybercriminals .
They use the service to use the service , and they 're very much money to use .
One of the examples of the world are used to be used to be used to be used to the people from the Internet .
Putenz : The Gar .
Shame Street .
And he 's not doing where he 's doing and he 's somewhere else .
And I think that I 'm going to be more than the victim of our victims of the world today .
And it 's a bad thing that 's worse than the worse is becoming worse .
In the future , the world will happen in the world , the world will happen .
The 12 months of the great effort has become a very important thing in this game and the network of the network .
So we have three groups of government : the government , we 're fighting against government , and government , we 're fighting against government , and government to attack the government .
There are many cases that are a lot of things like the Da .
They have to break the last year of the season because they 've destroyed of the season .
In January , I met a week , if he was asked to ask a government , because there was a government , I had a government , they had a government , they had a government that had a government , they had to be asked to be tort
Differenie Mary company is a company .
In fact , if you need a website to use a website , you 're using a website , which is a service , which is using the service .
All of us , the best news is that we use the National Georgia , because they use of the National Georgia , and they 're using the National Georgia , and they 're using the National Georgia , and
And only the evidence that are creating the evidence .
And that 's exactly what happened with the U.S.
In this case , this company is a lot of the company that can sell a lot of the government to sell a lot of the government to the government in the government and sell the government to the government .
This is the company of the company .
But the West is also the West in the West of the West .
For example , for example , the German example of the German employees , the German employees , they 've been used to use a few weeks ago , which is a few weeks ago .
They listen to the Internet of the Internet .
They 'll even use the Internet to use of the phone , and you can use the phone , and you can get the phone , and you can get the phone of the phone , and you can get from the phone .
So why do I worry about worry ?
But this is not rational argument .
It doesn 't have to argue .
This is a problem between control and control .
And we have a way , we believe in a government , in the future , in the future , we can invest in 50 years ?
